 Parents and/or legal guardians shall be welcomed to observe their child's class in accordance with an appropriate procedure which protects the learning atmosphere for all students. Teach your child to respect the work of others. Teachers can benefit from the insights of the parent and parents can benefit from the insights of the teacher. Parents of these adolescents should know that college is still an option. "Children and teenagers who are allowed to be autonomous are more likely to actively engage in their activity over time..." An adult is more likely to believe a trustworthy kid and to accept her argument. Homeschooling can be an ideal academic alternative for gifted children because it provides an education tailored to individual intellectual, social, and emotional needs. Children can pick up negative attitudes and if a child thinks the parent disapproves of or doesn't respect a teacher, the child will think such an attitude is acceptable, which will just make any existing problems worse and more difficult to resolve. Teach parents that activities such as modeling reading behavior and reading to their children increase children's interest in learning. Students who repeat a grade are also more likely to be unemployed, seeking work, on public assistance, or in prison (Alexander, Entwisle, &amp; Dauber, 2003). Parents of children who are gifted need opportunities to share parenting experiences with each other, and parent groups can provide a place where that can happen. Parents and teachers can encourage young people to walk down the path of passion. The parents are assuming a "diagnosis" and speculating about "treatment" prematurely. Parents blame teachers for not encouraging their child's intellect with challenging work. Parents are a child's first teachers, and they are most familiar with their child's personal characteristics, especially with the development of interests that can be linked to special talents. Misplacement may occur if gifted students with disabilities are classified solely in terms of their disabilities (Poplin & Wright, 1983), a problem not confined to immigrants. The parents are certain that their child is gifted and that is the cause of the problems. Students who feel cared for by people at their school and feel like part of a school are less likely than other students to use illegal drugs, engage in violent activities, or become sexually active at an early age. Gifted parents often suffer the same types of isolation that gifted students face. Parents of profoundly gifted children often feel isolated in seeking solutions to these and other life dilemmas. Parents of children with precocious science ability will find the suggestions in Encouraging Your Child's Science Talent engaging, encouraging, and practical advice. Parents of immigrant children may distrust any "special" classes, including classes for gifted and talented (Wei, 1983). Parents of gifted children get used to hearing this, whatever their schooling situation: public, private, religious or homeschooled. Parents of gifted children are typically the single most important influence in their childs development, outlook, and fulfillment of talent. Teachers of the gifted can offer discussions of the unique sets of problems that face the gifted (Colangelo and Peterson, 1993). "Children with the disorder typically have trouble sitting still and paying attention," the author states. Your preschool gifted child, your school-age talented child, or your extremely intelligent teenager is always a baby, child, or adolescent first. Many with high IQs are below average in art! The teacher knows your child better than anyone in an administrative role, and is in a position to make an immediate change in the classroom. leading children to find their own importance in the "rules of society" and a lifetime philosophy rather than dictating everything