
====================== 1001_gold_opti.txt.xml ======================
0	The idea of removing sugars, food coloring and other additives from the diet as a treatment for ADHD remains one of the most popular alternative treatments for the disorder.
143	Several studies have suggested that artificial food coloring and sugar may cause increased hyperactivity in some children with ADHD.
151	In preschool children, there may be a weak association between sugar and ADHD-like symptoms.
106	Not everybody responds well to medication, or biofeedback, or diet, or Attend.
107	Every child is different and will respond as an individual to the treatment options
93	natural '' does not necessarily mean harmless.
229	People with ADHD have individual treatment needs.
185	there is convincing scientific evidence that some children who display symptoms of ADHD can derive significant benefits from appropriate dietary treatments
20	While this daily treat may make people suffering from the disorder feel happy and more relaxed, resulting in sharper focus and reduced restlessness, it does not address the underlying cause of the condition.
216	being sensitive to certain foods can cause symptoms of ADHD.
121	There is no scientific evidence that vitamin supplements help to treat ADHD.
186	Iron supplementation has been associated with improvements in parent behavior ratings for ADHD boys,
2	If you are combining Ritalin with improved nutrition, there is no risk of injury and you may actually help your child.
219	Some people think diet supplements improve symptoms of ADHD.
199	Nutrition appears to play a more significant role in disease
234	Most doctors seem to think that nutrition does not cause or control ADHD.
194	Whether or not this treatment actually positively affects individuals with ADHD remains to be seen.
188	Promising initial results using several types of mineral supplements have also been reported.
175	Due to the increasing popularity of alternative and complementary medicine concepts, people now have numerous choices in nontraditional approaches to personal health and wellness.
195	For some people with ADHD, mild stimulants such as caffeine and theobromine (a bitter chemical from the cocoa plant and present in chocolate) have similar effects to the more powerful drugs
98	Physical activity may be good for focus.
198	Herbal supplements such as ginkgo biloba have also been used to treat the symptoms of ADHD.
66	hypnosis is not a very effective means of controlling ADHD
138	brainwave biofeedback training might also be very helpful.
10	Auditory stimulation is another alternative method of ADHD treatment.
12	Still another alternative method of treating ADHD is the interactive metronome approach.
14	Other alternative treatments include chiropractic care, antimotion sickness medications, candida yeast treatment, and cerebellar training.
208	Treating ADHD requires a good deal of effort and money.
60	"There is  no systematic data on optometric training for ADHD despite its widespread use."""
134	The key is always being aware of where your attention is focused while you are engaged in routine activities.
204	The use of light and sound stimulation (alpha/theta wave) to guide and change brainwave patterns has also been touted as helpful for reducing ADHD symptoms,
16	Leading experts and ADHD researchers know of no natural cure for ADHD.
19	Experts do not know whether supplementary docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) or eicosapentaneoic acid (EPA) offers any benefits as a natural ADD treatment.
18	no evidence suggests a link between a high sugar diet and a child 's development of ADHD
174	No definitive, empirical data exists proving the efficacy and reliability of natural remedies as a treatment for adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
170	While numerous studies indicate that adding zinc supplements reduces hyperactivity and impulsive behavior, they also show it as causing no improvement in attention span.
72	Essential fatty acid supplementation has promising systematic case-control data but needs more research.
70	"Arnold describes 24 such treatments in a recent article titled  Alternative Treatments for Adults with Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder,"""
75	A few of the alternatives proposed have been demonstrated to be probably ineffective or possibly dangerous,
184	we have found that stimulants, and other prescription drugs, are not the only effective interventions for ADHD.
32	Controversial treatments are interventions with no known published science supporting them and no legitimate claim to effectiveness.
213	Alternative and complementary treatments usually are n't carefully tested or judged by a group of experts.
71	Some alternative treatments of ADHD are effective or probably effective, but mainly for specific subgroups.
231	lack of independent research
173	Study results report that St. John 's Wort is not an effective natural treatment for ADHD in adults.
232	Many of the alternative treatments are completely safe.
22	Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder or ADHD affects 3-5 % of all children.
131	ADHD is one of the most common childhood behavior disorders.
24	ADHD is difficult to diagnose.
165	A lot of teenagers, and even children, are prescribed antidepressants, somewhere from 1 % to 1.5 % of the population.
164	"Less than half of children with ADD ever  out-grow '' it in adolescence or adulthood."""
44	thyroid hormone syndrome appears extremely rare in ADHD.
159	85 percent of these adults remain undiagnosed, leading to difficulties with family and other relationships and educational and employment problems.
47	ADHD is a brain-based disorder where the chemistry of the brain (neurotransmitters) is not functioning as it should.
55	Some believe that toxins produced by the yeast overgrowth weaken the immune system and make the body susceptible to ADHD and other psychiatric disorders.
202	Iron levels tend to be low in individuals with ADHD.
145	Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder is a childhood disorder linked with attention problems, impulsivity, and hyperactivity.
27	Diet is often part of the problem.
171	Some research has shown that people with ADHD have insufficient amounts of zinc in their bodies.
150	ADHD is n't caused by an allergic reaction to food, or anything in food, including additives.
50	The deficiency as a cause of ADHD without other symptoms has not been demonstrated.
82	studies show that a placebo is actually effective, when measured by parent rating scales, with about 15 % of children with ADHD.
148	These tests are not impacted at all by placebos.
84	"If you struggle too long without a break, you experience a condition that might be called  attention fatigue."""
87	The greener the setting, the better the ability to focus
85	when you have to struggle to maintain attention - what happens when you concentrate on a task like writing or doing computations - neurotransmitters in the brain 's prefrontal cortex get depleted.
139	Results can vary from patient to patient so its important that you monitor and work with your doctor.
126	Do not use gingko biloba for children with a blood clotting problem.
176	never embark on any new exercise routine without first consulting your doctor.
203	Consult with a physician if you decide to supplement with iron.
115	Talk to your doctor before trying any alternative therapy for your child 's ADHD.
128	the most important advances in ADHD medications have been the with the improvement of, and greater variety of the delivery systems of the time tested drugs for ADHD.
130	Over the past ten years the greatest advances in ADHD medicines have not been the development of some wonder drug, though some good medications have been developed.
189	Dr. Arnold could not find any systematic data for using pycnogenol for treating ADHD,
190	Controlled trials of all of these approaches are lacking,
51	No systematic data regarding ADHD efficacy could be found for hypericum, Gingko biloba, Calmplex, Defendol, or pycnogenol.
156	Ampakines are a new class of modified benzamide compounds known to enhance attention span and alertness.
54	Anatomically and physiologically, there is no reason to believe that the inner ear system is involved in attention and impulse-control other than in marginal ways.
53	SI therapy is not a treatment for ADHD but some children with ADHD may have SI dysfunction.

====================== 1002_gold_opti.txt.xml ======================
0	Brandon Gonzales, 12, has been using a cellphone since he was 10.
82	More than eight in 10 teenagers have cellphones, and more than half have had them since they were 12 years old or younger.
54	Now about 85 % of kids under 17 and 61 % of kids from 10 to 13 have a cellphone.
52	It 's only been just under two years, but mobile technology use amongst children has increased rapidly.
51	The bulk of teens are 12 or 13 when they get their first cell phone - but remember this applies to teens who are 17 now and got their phones five years ago, as well as current 13 year olds who have had a phone for six months.
32	Over the last decade, the age of kids packing their first cellphone has been dialing back younger and younger.
50	46 % Of children receive their first cellphone at age 12 or 13;
75	Tweens children from ages 8 to 12 are the new frontier for the cellphone industry.
30	"More than half of the  tween '' population will be wireless users by 2010,"""
87	somewhere between nine and twelve is when most kids nowadays get their phones.
1	Studies have shown that children who use cellphones before the age of 20 have a greater risk of developing cancer than adults.
10	Another project, called Cefalo, is under way in Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland to explore whether mobile telephone use increases the risk of brain tumors for children.
57	Some studies, using computer image modelling, show signals radiate farther into children 's heads than adults.
58	"Cellphones, says another internal memo  have been linked to increasing incidence of childhood leukemia, brain and other cancers of the head and neck, memory problems, stress and migraine/neurological ailment."""
3	The best thing parents can do is educate, educate, educate,
20	For parents, it 's a balancing act that takes practice.
6	i think a good age for a kid to get a cellphone is when they get into middle school or as a present for they 're fifth grade graduation!
35	My dad is the only reason I do n't have one, so my age is when you should give your child a phone.
12	i dont think people should wait until their kids are thirteen for them to buy thier kids a cell phone.
45	Cellphones did not exist in the early period but were introduced at the beginning (1981) of the late period when the striking rise in acoustic neuromas also began.
46	Some argue that the change in the number of acoustic neuromas reflects, instead of the introduction of cellphones, the introduction of better diagnostic tools; specifically CT scans which began in 1974, and MRI scans, first used in 1984.
11	In December, Telef nica, which helped develop the MO1 and a more sophisticated version for young children, the Win1, announced a code of conduct for responsible use of mobile telephones by young customers.
61	They have also urged the cellphone industry to refrain from marketing their products to children - a widespread practice in North America where phones ' cartoonish images lure youngsters.
81	experts felt that the only way to counter the ' overstimulation ' of the brain brought on by the latest technology was sleep.
69	Any business that markets or sells products to kids needs to be aware of the role of these CE devices in their lives,
16	You hear many teachers complain today of children using cellphones for texting in classrooms; well, there is a simple solution to that.
18	(Children are not allowed to have a cellphone with them on the camp.
76	Many are creating school policies governing cellphone use, like those in place at middle and high schools, where cellphones are more common.
83	Only 23 percent of those whose kids have cellphones think their children are using them during school, while 65 percent of kids say they use
22	When phones are Web-enabled, parents are often surprised by the size of the phone bill.
73	Kids do not need phones with internet capabilities.
29	Parents can set monthly allowances, which Kajeet says will help them teach kids about budgeting.
26	In a world where we 're community is linked by phones, I do n't have one
59	U.K. health officials publicly discouraged the non-essential use of cellphones by children four years ago.
24	Considering how much dirty stuff goes around on the cell phones of teens these days (especially from girls) , I personally do not think it is appropriate for a child under the age of 16 to own a phone.
72	She and her husband have shot down their 11-year-old son 's request for one because they think he 's too young.
38	It just matters if your kid is ready to handle it.
41	Can he/she be trusted to care for a phone?
40	Should it be used for games, Internet access, texting/chatting with friends?
60	I would also suggest that cordless telephones and Wi-Fi and wireless games should be included in their recommendations for avoidance by children, and that these devices should not be used in close proximity to children,
39	Will it be used mainly for emergencies or keeping in touch with parents/family?
74	i think its really important for a younger child to have a phone especially in today 's day and age.
78	"Many parents see mobile phones for kids as a way to  parent on the go, '' to extend their oversight and remotely cover scheduling gaps."""
77	a phone with parental controls and limited features, coupled with clear rules about phone use, could be a good tool for families,
5	Parents also complain to her about their children texting under their covers at night.
66	About two-thirds of 8 - to 18-year-olds have their own cellphone, and about half of them send text messages on any given day, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation study.
65	He has seen cases of tendonitis in kids caused by persistent texting.
49	With televisions, computers, cellphones, school work and extracurricular activities, parents worry that their kids are so busy that they are n't getting enough sleep.
67	Kids who text estimate sending an average of 118 messages a day.
8	In France the health minister, Roselyne Bachelot, has taken such concerns public, issuing an alert in January urging parents to limit use, reducing children s telephone calls to no more than six minutes.
68	Kids spend an average of seven hours and 38 minutes a day using media, up an hour and 19 minutes since just 1999,
27	Kids are using more advanced mobile devices than even their parents,
28	 They 're adept. They 're swimming in technology, and they 're comfortable using
70	Today 's kids are digital natives whose activities are fundamentally different than previous generations.
53	Do n't text or talk while driving, biking or crossing streets as a pedestrian.

====================== 1006_gold_opti.txt.xml ======================
0	children should not be discriminated against based on their special education label;
164	Concerned about violence and other problems in their schools, students across Philadelphia are taking matters into their own hands.
5	students with disabilities are more likely to be the victims of violence than perpetrators;
88	City schools, however, were not significantly different from rural or urban fringe schools in this regard.
34	majority of public school principals (78 percent) reported having some type of formal school violence prevention or reduction programs
275	These behaviors may appear as a child struggles to focus, exhibits negative attitudes, begins touching or hitting others inappropriately, and disrespects adults.
2	Many issues must be considered when disciplining or suspending students with disabilities so that the student 's right to a free and appropriate education is not violated.
158	two-thirds of parents whose children had been suspended said they were not officially notified of the action.
157	parents felt their children 's suspensions were inappropriate,
150	African American students, particularly males, were far more likely to be expelled or suspended from school than their peers.
8	Because denial of an education is such a serious deprivation, the Department of Elementary and Secondary Education encourages school officials to consider each expulsion decision carefully, and to reconsider those decisions after a reasonable period of time, particularly for young students.
246	Any student who is to be expelled must first be tested to make sure that a disability is not causing the misbehavior.
98	Student suspensions and expulsions have risen sharply in Chicago 's public schools in the past 10 years,
32	Policies stipulating automatic suspensions for serious offenses in school need to placed and understood within the context of other potential sanctions, sound school discipline policies/codes of conduct, positive school climates and comprehensive approaches to safe schools as well as safe communities.
55	Some reports indicate that some principals may chose to err on the cautious side under pressure of liability claims and suspend students for inappropriate reasons.
9	where a principal uses reasonable care and makes a professional judgment, based on all the circumstances, that a student should be suspended rather than expelled, courts are very likely to defer to that judgment rather than second-guess it.
155	Suspensions in CPS have tripled in the last ten years,
50	Boy suspended from school for carrying nail clipper.
19	correcting the behaviours of offending students
256	reliance on enforcement rather than prevention will be more stressful and costly in the long run-a
170	Conservatives and liberals (and all those in between) may argue about policies and methods, but everyone seems to agree that better discipline is needed in our schools.
305	Longitudinal results, from elementary to high school, show reduced problem behavior in teens.
261	It is the responsibility of your teachers to provide consistent modeling of appropriate community behavior and consistent supervision and correction of student behavior.
46	Discipline at home and school.
190	Good child discipline changes as the child grows.
70	good school discipline begins in the classroom
28	There is little evidence that a non-discretionary approach to serious offences is more or less effective than a discretionary one.
42	School-based administrators want discretionary authority to respond to the needs of their students.
11	Management of student imbroglios, student discipline, and school decorum fall readily within the discretionary function exception to the Tort Claims Act.
58	They also suggest that school districts develop specific policies for students who consistently violate behavioural expectations.
12	Some schools and school districts, using their own resources or in partnership with other agencies, provide alternative education programs for students who have been removed from the regular school setting for disciplinary reasons.
84	The district has implemented a Comprehensive Discipline Plan to support the needs of all students.
13	Fifty-five percent of large schools and 57 percent of medium-sized schools controlled access to their school buildings compared with 40 percent for small schools.
338	Controlled access to school grounds also varied by locale, region, percent minority enrollment, percent of students eligible for free or reduced-price lunch, and principals ' reported discipline problems.
15	City and urban fringe schools were also more likely to control building access
340	Ninety-six percent of public schools reported that visitors were required to sign in before entering the school buildings
18	"Are  good '' school discipline/student conduct policies in place in most schools in Canada?"""
29	There is a remarkable consensus in the materials reviewed that zero-tolerance, sanctions, a student code, school discipline or even efforts to improve the school climate are, by themselves, insufficient to ensure that a school is safe and caring.
53	That study also found that schools with zero-tolerance policies had more incidents of a less serious nature.
102	"In 1995, Chicago Public Schools unveiled a  zero tolerance '' policy that dramatically lowered the threshold for student expulsions."""
33	local school board policies appear to continue to be narrow in scope.
62	The need to develop specific policies and procedures for students with behaviour, emotional or other disorders has emerged as a concern in Canada and other countries
203	Begin regular meetings with principals and security staff regarding clear interpretation and reinforcing Student Conduct and Discipline Policy at their schools
77	effective school policies cover the relevant issues as well as potential long-term solutions.
16	Eighty percent of schools reported having a closed campus policy prohibiting most students from leaving the campus for lunch.
1	policies addressing student evaluation for special education services should highlight the need to accurately describe students ' behavior as well as their academic achievement;
63	Policy should direct programs to 1) formally assess the student and follow through, 2) coordinate multiple interventions, 3) address a constellation of related factors as well as the behaviours, 4) ensure the sustainability of the programs, 5) provide a coordination of proactive, corrective and instructional strategies, 6) be developmentally appropriate, 7) include parent education and family therapy, 8) intervene in early childhood whenever possible, 9) emphasize positive actions over punitive ones, 10) be fair, consistent and free of racial bias.
31	Governments have responded to increased concern with new laws and regulations requiring schools to establish zero-tolerance policies, school codes of conduct, school-wide plans to prevent violence and special measures to ensure that students with behavioural disorders are managed properly.
17	How can this support be encouraged?
138	PBIS focuses on creating and sustaining primary (school-wide) , secondary (classroom) , and tertiary (individual) systems of support for positive behavior.
54	More attention needs to be paid to ensuring an active, adult presence in the school and in encouraging students to report their concerns.
27	Immediate research on the prevalence of inappropriate and unacceptable behaviours in schools is needed.
37	One of the emerging research trends and questions is that no single basic choice of approach to school discipline and safety may be appropriate for all schools.
318	The study showed small but unreliable decreases in problem behavior.
111	A key finding from a range of research indicates a strong link and overlap in the lives of children between victimization/care issues and offending.
68	Research is urgently needed on the roles that all partners can play in school discipline and violence prevention.
228	School-site discipline management includes the management of noise in the halls, noise and mess in the cafeteria, cuts and tardies, yard duty, bus duty, smoking in the lavatory, and conduct in assemblies to name but a few.
237	In order to succeed, school-site discipline management procedures and responsibilities that have been carefully organized and practiced need to be detailed and shared.
233	"School-site discipline management procedures, like classroom rules, routines, and standards, describe the  how to '' of carrying out basic jobs at the school site."""
230	Faculty consensus and commitment are required to deal with most problems of school-site management.
38	An interactive web site should be used to offer a schools a comparative school assessment which is able to publish a confidential report to the school on how well they are prepared and functioning in respect to school discipline and safety.
255	Consensus and commitment are the ingredients by which school-site discipline management lives or dies.
60	elementary schools reported proportionately fewer incidents of serious violent crime.
59	Four percent of elementary schools reported one or more serious violent crimes compared with 19 percent of middle and 21 percent of high schools.
89	About half of all elementary schools (45 percent) reported at least one crime.
290	One way to address behavioral issues in elementary students is to post classroom rules and expectations that students are required to follow.
119	Students, parents and school employees must understand that rules are to be consistently and fairly enforced and obeyed.
141	taking corrective action when children have disobeyed the rules,
321	Unified Discipline sets school rules and correction procedures, but at least in this article it places too little emphasis on teaching and encouraging expected behaviors and monitoring program implementation.
144	For students at Conway Middle School who do n't follow the rules, the school also has a step-by-step discipline plan that includes warnings, contacting parents, discipline referrals, detention, and parent conferences.
57	good school rules are not enough.
200	It does n't take long for your child to learn whether you really intend to enforce rules.
201	Do n't set rules unless you will consistently enforce them.
173	Teachers are expected not only to punish those who break the rules but also to congratulate those who do n't.
235	Whereas classroom rules, routines, and standards focus on the responsibilities of students within the classroom, school-site discipline management procedures focus on the responsibilities of the faculty.
72	A number of behavioural and security precautions can be taken to support a positive school climate and an ordered, school discipline.
322	School-wide positive behavior support: Addressing behavior problems that impede student learning.
137	Good instruction is one of the best behavior management tools,
167	"Inadequate training in classroom management in teacher education and certification programs and in the School District 's own teacher induction program limits these teachers ' ability to implement fairly the School District 's new  zero tolerance '' discipline policy."""
135	The next highest priority is behavior management.
267	Glasser 's choice theory, also known as control theory, posits that humans have five basic needs and that all behavior is undertaken to meet or satisfy these needs.
273	As young children are introduced to new academic environments, they often exhibit problematic behaviors.
331	All schools have an overt culture and a hidden one,
136	To improve classroom climate, you have to have good classroom management,
134	Educators need to emphasize prevention and positive modeling.
187	Respect for parents and other authorities is crucial to self-discipline and healthy development.
71	Research in the following areas indicate that schools can support a peaceful school climate strategy through the use of several behavioural/discipline/security activities.
270	Responsive School Discipline is an approach to creating a school climate that enables optimal academic and social growth in students.
79	Schools in which principals perceived that general discipline issues were not a serious problem were more likely to report that they had no crime incidents.
80	Sixty percent of public schools in which principals reported no discipline problems or only minor discipline problems reported no crime for the 1996-97 school year.
148	Solutions are most readily found closest to the point of the problem.
78	Much time is devoted to attitudinal change, communication skills, group processes, and problem solving.
81	Students carrying a weapon to school or possessing or using an illegal substance, may be placed in an appropriate interim alternative educational setting (IAES) for up to 45 days.
266	A FAB is also an integral part of a manifestation determination for severe problems related to weapons and drugs in the school setting.
95	The detection of illegal substances and firearms on our campuses is crucial to our safety and security efforts.
336	when a student has been expelled for possession of a dangerous weapon or a controlled substance or assault on school staff, and the student applies for admission to another school, the superintendent of the sending school shall notify the superintendent of the receiving school of the reasons for the pupil 's expulsion.
169	Frustrated or bored children are likely to act out, so it 's important that children be engaged in their work.
85	Administrators will be working with security officials to bolster the use of metal detectors and to more closely monitor activities in the hallways and restrooms while class is in session.
163	Students may choose from a variety of activities that are offered as a celebration of their good behavior.
94	The district has continued to implement the Positive Behavior Support (PBS) program.
304	PBS helps individuals change their lifestyles toward positive behaviors and make problem behaviors irrelevant, inefficient, and ineffective.
90	"PBS helps teachers develop  self-managing '' classrooms and decrease discipline issues through such techniques as a "" social contract."""
86	In addition, DPS has expanded the Positive Behavior Support (PBS) program.
112	Low-level disruption continued to be the most wearing for teachers;
109	For elementary and high schools, student tardiness and student absenteeism or class cutting were among the three most often cited serious or moderate discipline problems
313	Disruptive students appear to be a heterogeneous group not easily identified, the best predictor being poverty.
217	Students late to class will be marked Tardy in e-School.
116	Restorative approaches were seen to involve a set of principles, strategies and skills.
110	Restorative approaches can be seen to work at all levels of the school, with all students, including those in trouble or conflict.
159	Both campaigns promote the restorative justice approach - emphasizing accountability as an alternative to zero tolerance and punitive discipline - as a more effective approach to reducing violence,
219	Students were enthusiastic about the use of circles and restorative meetings in helping to resolve conflict.
114	"The terms  restorative practices '' and "" restorative approaches '' are used in education to mean restoring good relationships when there has been conflict or harm and developing school ethos, policies and procedures that reduce the possibilities of such conflict and harm."""
118	restorative approaches recognize the human wish to feel safe, to belong, to be respected and to understand and have positive relationships with others.
115	there is very considerable variation in the degree and character of student support between schools and between local councils.
334	Research has continuously shown that schools where students are safe, academically engaged, and supported by the adults in the building are more likely to have fewer dropouts and higher student performance.
319	The authors delineate the features of a team-based approach to providing positive behavior supports for individual students with chronic problem behaviors within a school-wide PBS system.
263	The better parents understand your school 's discipline approach, the more fully they can help support positive school behavior in their children.
223	The Scottish approach acknowledges the theoretical framework underpinning other approaches to supporting children in schools.
130	Students are extremely motivated by the reward system,
129	we do n't reward average behavior.
172	studies show that kids generally behave better when they know exactly what 's expected of them.
132	the expectations for every occasion and every location are very specific and on display in hallways and classrooms.
192	It is expected that the teacher will contact the parent by phone or e-mail when behavior has become an issue and documentation of the communication will be recorded in a communication log.
131	Students receive the tickets from their teachers and other staff members for obeying school rules and meeting and exceeding expectations.
189	Parental expectations may be beyond what the child is able to achieve on a consistent basis.
178	Discipline referral will be sent to the assistant principal
225	Office Referrals may also be written for persistent misbehavior or severe misbehavior.
139	Children who misbehave at Dewey Elementary School can receive an office discipline referral (ODR) form.
226	Office Referrals will result in one or more of the following consequences: Principal 's Lunch Detention After School Detention School Detention (Removal from a class) Thursday School Saturday
312	Findings support use of office referrals as a readily available index by which to identify school discipline problems, design interventions, and evaluate outcome.
143	Parents are notified immediately if there is a major offense.
140	form indicates whether a student has committed a major or minor infraction.
185	Discipline techniques that belittle or shame a child are truly harmful.
257	Harsh measures were proposed which were always strangely separated from any meaningful system of supervision and accountability.
199	Giving in to an urge to scream teaches your child that it 's okay to lose control when she 's upset.
252	Often a heavy-handed teacher turns a relatively innocuous situation into a painful if not dangerous one.
184	Both spoiled and harshly-disciplined children are at risk for emotional and behavioral problems.
195	Establish signals that get children 's quick, quiet attention anytime and anywhere in school
333	children are watching your actions more than paying attention to your words.
284	Should the child revert to previous behavior patterns, or is still disruptive in the classroom, then the student will be asked to return to the behavior modification program.
291	If behavioral problems continue after intervention, disciplinary actions may be needed.
64	American students were far less tolerant of serious misbehaviour in school;
204	A Written Warning serves to inform both the student and parent that misbehavior is occurring and consequences will follow if the student continues to misbehave.
113	Gender is a constant dimension, with teachers finding boys consistently more challenging
293	If a student 's behavior is consistently disrupting the class, contacting the student 's parents or seeking help from an administrator may be a good solution.
248	Supervision of the cafeteria at the elementary level follows the same principles as at the secondary level with the exception that it has a larger element of instruction concerning appropriate cafeteria behavior-especially in the primary grades.
250	An active administrator role during the lunch period pays dividends not only with the student body but with the faculty as well.
214	They will go to the end of the lunch line.
92	A principal must have knowledge of educational administration based on academic disciplines as well as applied professional practice.
299	The student should be sent to the principles office and it should be handled within the school system not through the police.
300	In the last ten years, nearly 100,000 students from every corner of the state - in rural, suburban and metro areas alike - have been handed over to the police for issues that mostly used to be resolved in the principal 's office.
309	Treatment schools showed improvements in student office referrals and social skills, but not for perceptions of safety.
258	These students are placed at the Dillard Center for reasons such as pregnancy, having emotional/mental health problems, returning from a rehabilitation program, or other issues.
297	A student who presents a problem is placed in an alternative program within the school, or at a partnering private alternative school.
160	POWER-PAC has called for education-oriented discipline programs as an alternative to excessive use of suspensions, which they say do n't improve behavior or address underlying issues.
282	children who have behavior conduct disorder or emotional disabilities are enrolled into a program that focuses on behavior modification.
316	The intervention achieved a reduction in problem behaviors.
274	Parental involvement is important in encouraging a child to act appropriately.
306	A visual analysis, supported by a correlational analysis, demonstrates a functional relationship between the intervention and student problem behavior.
222	The focus of decision making is clearly on the welfare of the child.
302	G.A.P. seeks to provide these students with an environment that promotes positive decision-making, self-discipline, positive social skills, and improved academic performance.
317	Effects of Team-Initiated Problem Solving on Decision Making by Schoolwide Behavior Support Teams.
51	Gabor (1995) reported from his surveys and focus groups that police officers, educators and students were increasingly concerned with school discipline problems.
127	Physical conflicts among students were more frequently reported to be serious or moderate discipline problems in city schools than in rural schools
166	So they do n't want to draw attention to their discipline problems.
239	Litter and cigarette butts on the lavatory floor mean a long, difficult afternoon in front on an unappreciative audience.
126	Tobacco use was also more frequently regarded as a serious or moderate problem in large schools
147	Latinos who remain in bilingual programs long term risk falling behind in the middle grades and failing once they reach high school.
152	"NSBA and the other groups argued that the expanding use of social networking and other forms of online communication have led to  a stunning increase in harmful student expression that school administrators are forced to address with no clear guiding jurisprudence."""
151	Third Circuit ruled unanimously for the student.
303	The mission of the Department of School Safety and Student Discipline is to create and maintain a safe and healthy environment at school, on school-owned vehicles and at all school sponsored activities and events for the benefit of our students, staff and visitors.
96	Students are placed in the program for code of conduct violations for a minimum of six (6) weeks.
142	A teacher may, however, contact a parent before two weeks pass to discuss the issue.
215	There will be a Time Out form sent home for parent signature after the Time Out is served by the student.
83	How will students be able to provide feedback?
103	Positive Guidance and Discipline for Afterschool Programs will look at behaviors and feeling, developmental domains, reasons for misbehaving, setting up a constructive environment, and using positive guidance and discipline techniques.
174	This matter-of-fact demand for mindless obedience follows quite naturally from the premise that all problems are the students ' fault.
35	Schools with serious crime also had more programs per school.

====================== 1016_gold_opti.txt.xml ======================
5	Night terrors are similar to nightmares, but differ in that night terrors usually occur during deep sleep, in the first half of the night rather than during REM.
302	They also may sweat a lot during sleep and may have headaches in the morning.
159	Nightmares are relatively common.
6	This sleep disorder, which may run in families, also can occur in adults.
40	Psychiatric issues frequently associated with ASD such as anxiety and/or depression can interfere with sleep.
48	It is important to address medical or psychiatric issues that potentially interfere with sleep.
4	Stress can also trigger night terrors in children, as can illness, but one of the most common causes is inadequate sleep.
20	Sleep problems have been related to psychopathology among children and adolescents.
150	The causes of sleep terrors vary and until the age of six most of these episodes are simply a part of growing up and are not generally related to emotional or physical problems.
175	Resistance to going to sleep may be used as an attention-getting mechanism from a child who may not receive enough emotional support during the day.
354	Most sleep problems in children are not a result of bad parenting.
101	Excessive activity during the day may also delay the onset of sleep.
149	Recent thinking suggests that sleep and mood disturbance may have a common etiology based in the development of the brain structure.
39	medical issues more common in children with ASD such as epilepsy or gastroesophageal reflux can disrupt sleep.
357	Children can get very creative when they want to stay up later.
184	When children have recurrent sleep problems, they and their families must deal with negative effects on behavior, mood, social interactions, physical stamina, and performance at school or work.
338	A tired child may have development or behavior problems.
145	Children usually have bedtime problems because they are trying to test your limits or because of poor sleep habits.
260	Children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) appear likely to experience sleep problems,
391	their ability to get out of bed, separation anxiety, the need for autonomy and the development of the child 's imagination can lead to sleep problems.
105	duration of sleep differs at different ages and from child to child.
107	The duration of sleep varies from child to child.
224	Behavioral management techniques can be helpful in eliminating unwanted behaviors.
57	Children with behaviorally-based sleep disorders also often have significant sleep disturbance, with irregular sleep-wake schedules, and/or fragmented or insufficient sleep.
58	behavioral manifestations of daytime sleepiness in young children, such as hyperactivity, clearly overlap with problematic behaviors that do not result from sleep deprivation/disruption.
226	Behavioral sleep disorders Behavioral sleep disorders are most commonly observed in infants, toddlers, and preschoolers.
236	Because of the high prevalence of sleep disorders in children, taking a sleep history is the first and most important step in assessing pediatric patients.
242	Nonpharmacologic interventions are the first line of therapy for children with sleep disorders.
329	Hyperactivity, increased motor activity, exhaustion, and general irritability may be manifestations of fatigue caused by sleep disturbance for children with and without diabetes.
93	Dietary intervention studies have shown convincing evidence of efficacy in reducing ADHD symptoms in children.
205	An ADD ADHD child often lacks the social skills that are essential to success in life.
328	Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is characterized by leg paresthesias and/or dysesthesias with an irresistible urge to move the legs.
188	Preschoolers who do n't get enough sleep are more likely than other children to be hyperactive and inattentive by the time they reach kindergarten,
402	a study by academics in Finland suggested a good night 's sleep could reduce bad behaviour and hyperactivity in children.
189	Children who were reported to sleep less in preschool were rated by their parents as more hyperactive and less attentive compared to their peers at kindergarten,
291	Children learn to fall asleep in the conditions their parents set up for them.
345	"The child learns to connect or  associate '' going to sleep with a person or activity."""
348	Parents need to assert that they are the ones who decide when it is time for bed.
380	The key problem is that they can not settle themselves to sleep when alone.
214	Childhood sleep disorders are one of the most common complaints brought to family doctors, with nearly half of new mothers complaining of infant sleep problems.
1	Night terrors are fairly common in children and occur in approximately 5 % of them, mostly between the ages of three to five.
279	Encourage your child to exercise regularly and spend time outdoors
296	Vigorous physical activity during the afternoon can make a big difference at night as well.
319	"According to the National Sleep Foundation,  a child will spend 40 % of his or her childhood asleep '' and '' by the age of two, most children have spent more time asleep than awake."""
209	Following birth, sleeping patterns evolve rapidly and become consolidated in early childhood.
56	Daytime sleepiness resulting from fragmented or disturbed sleep is often manifested in young children by behaviors such as increased activity, aggression, impulsivity, acting out behavior, poor concentration, and inattention.
59	Our conceptualization of an elevated problem and intensity score on the ECBI as potentially indicative of daytime sleepiness is similar to that of other studies that have examined the complex association among daytime externalizing behavior problems, daytime sleepiness, and sleep deprivation or fragmentation in school-aged children.
275	Children affected generally complain of an inability to fall asleep at night yet feel sleepy throughout the day
169	For some children, a brief late afternoon nap and reducing stress is helpful.
167	Stress and excessive fatigue are also thought to be factors.
176	Poor sleep in the later childhood years is usually not an isolated problem and is likely to be a manifestation of other stresses,
187	Identifying and reducing the stress the child is experiencing is also helpful.
42	Avoid allowing your child to exercise too close to bedtime
43	Avoid caffeine particularly close to bedtime,
185	Avoid violent movies, television programs and books.
41	Avoid the use of electronics close to bedtime such as TV, computer, video games etc. that can be stimulating making it difficult for your child to fall asleep.
355	Try not to give him or her any medicine that has a stimulant at bedtime.
240	Nocturnal PSG is the objective gold-standard procedure to study sleep.
237	BEARS (bedtime, excessive daytime sleepiness, awakenings, regularity, and snoring) is an easy-to-remember mnemonic that can be used to help gather the history of symptoms.
239	Actigraphy is an activity-based sleep-wakefulness monitoring method that provides continuous objective data of patients ' sleep with night-to-night variability.
238	Sleep diaries can provide information on the child 's bedtime, sleep onset time, rise time, and number of nocturnal awakenings and are typically kept for a period of 2 weeks.
393	Although they commonly occur together, night waking and settling problems have typically been studied separately.
24	Each additional hour of TV watching in the evening was associated with a noticeable jump in sleep problems,
117	Everyday fears and experiences such as watching a scary movie, often cause children to have nightmares.
325	To preschoolers, animated violence is just as scary as real violence.
26	Television is part of the daily lives of many young families and a new study shows that watching TV in the evening and violent shows in the daytime can disrupt sleep of preschoolers.
104	Don t allow children to watch violent and scary movies on television.
25	Watching violent shows during the day also was associated with increases in sleep problems.
407	Child should sleep in the same sleeping environment every night, in a room that is cool, quiet and dark - and without a TV.
326	Kids with a bedroom TV -- who logged an additional 40 minutes of screen time each day -- were eight times more likely to have parent-reported daytime tiredness.
27	parents whose children have a TV in their room were more likely to report their child was tired during the day.
11	Dysomnias are a broad classification of sleeping disorders that make it difficult to get to sleep or stay asleep.
235	Narcolepsy is a rare chronic neurologic disorder that presents with daytime sleepiness, cataplexy (sudden loss of muscle tone triggered by emotional arousal such as laughter) , hypnagogic hallucinations, and sleep paralysis.
54	Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) , as part of the spectrum of sleep disordered breathing, has been relatively recently recognized as an important clinical phenomenon in children and adolescents.
233	Breathing-related sleep disorder in children has been associated with daytime somnolence and symptoms of inattentiveness and hyperactivity.
37	If you plan to take a gradual approach to the problem have all the steps written out before you start.
15	Treatment consists of brief self-help booklets and support from a telephone coach.
366	Sleep is especially important for children as it directly impacts mental and physical development.
353	A child who gets enough sleep and sleeps well is more likely to be cheerful during the day.
125	Sleep training techniques are not going to help a child who has a sleeping disorder or medical condition because they have no control over their snoring or other symptoms.
297	Sleep training is not a one-size-fits-all solution;
123	sleep training techniques such as controlled crying and gradual withdrawal methods, are usually the most effective way to stamp out sleep problems caused by separation anxiety.
293	Sleep is an emotional issue, with wild claims made on all sides of the attachment parenting to sleep training continuum.
61	Sleep disturbance in infants and young children has also been found to be associated with lower cognitive performance.
258	Sleep problems in these children may be associated with poorer child psychosocial quality of life, child daily functioning, caregiver mental health and family functioning.
72	sleep-disordered breathing in children is associated with growth deficiency.
217	Fragmented sleep in older children has been correlated with problems in learning, emotional development, and growth.
277	This issue is often linked to other mental health issues such as depression, anxiety, and post-traumatic stress disorder
148	one study found that a greater amount of nighttime sleep was associated with less aggression in preschoolers
16	Night-waking is one of the most prevalent behaviourally-based sleep problems in 2-5-year old children.
193	Night wakings are one of the most common sleep problems in infants and toddlers.
381	Night waking is a result of a complex interplay of factors intrinsic to the child (eg leg cramps, cough) and the unintentional perpetuation of the problem by parental reaction.
170	Sleepwalking is not a sign of an emotional illness; of more concern is the risk of injury.
363	Many sleepwalking children will wake up promptly once a light is turned on but generally it is wiser not to attempt to waken the child.
361	Sleepwalking, like night terrors, typically occurs in the first third of the night when the child goes from non-REM to REM sleep.
29	For young children, the most common sleep problems are night waking and difficulties settling to sleep.
28	But night waking still occurs in 36-45 % of infants aged six months to one year to a degree that is considered problematic by parents.
362	Sleepwalking is often familial and it is most prevalent between the ages of 10 and 12.
360	Quiet sleepwalking can be observed in over 15 % of children aged 5-12 years.
390	Naps should not occur too close to bedtime as they may delay sleep at night.
322	All too commonly we believe that a skipped nap, for example, can be made up later.
108	They may then have a nap only in the afternoon until the age of 3, when they may stop having a nap during the day.
395	My baby naps at about the same time every day so his body is ready for a sleep when I put him down, and this means he goes to sleep without any fuss.
67	Many in this group will stop napping as they enter kindergarten.
246	Long and frequent daytime naps result in a shorter nocturnal sleep period, delayed sleep onset, and nocturnal awakenings.
371	They may resist this because of separation anxiety, if they are not tired enough to sleep due to a late nap or simply if they want to play with their parents.
311	Preschoolers - 11 hours (including up to 2 hours of daytime sleep in 1 nap)
295	Good naps lead to good night-time sleep, and vice-versa.
46	Naps are helpful for preschool children, but should not be taken late in the afternoon as they can interfere with bedtime.
177	Most 3-year-olds have given up naps but may still need a quiet time after a busy or an overstimulating day.
35	Don ' t start on a program if you know that there is some major change about to happen in your child 's routine
36	When starting on a program you will need a few weeks of stability so that your child will have the chance to adjust to any changes you are planning to make.
70	Children who snore do poorer on standardized tests of mental development.
337	Mood is associated with snoring in preschool-aged children.
333	Finnish researchers evaluated preschoolers who were three to six years old, 43 of whom snored and 46 of whom did not.
334	Snoring in children may be a sign of a serious medical condition that deserves further evaluation and treatment, as the consequences can be significant.
343	Your child snores very loudly or struggles to breathe during sleep.
335	Brain function tests showed significant differences between the two groups, including decreased attention and language skills among the children who snored.
336	children who snore at least once or twice per week are more likely to have symptoms of anxiety and depression, as well as attention and language problems.
63	Most children with OSA have a history of snoring.
190	Bedtime problems and night wakings are common in young children.
272	Many children grow out of sleep problems.
298	Food routines can help maintain circadian rhythms,
299	Complex carbohydrates, as well as turkey, peanut butter, bananas, soy and dairy products (which all contain tryptophan) can help you get your sleep on.
263	Parental strategies that were effective for early sleep difficulties (e.g. giving food or drink) may later become inappropriate to the child 's age and needs.
162	Parents must be particularly sensitive to the fact that they must attend to both providing nurturing and to encouraging independence.
146	Most children show improvement in a few days, and will be sleeping through the night in a week or two.
31	Regardless of whether your child meets a clinical definition for a sleep problem, if you 're concerned about your child 's sleep for any reason, you should discuss your concerns with a professional.
203	You should discuss your child 's sleep problems with your child 's doctor.
312	Talk to your pediatrician if your child is sleeping much more or less than this, although it may still be normal if your child is healthy, happy, and growing and developing normally.
95	if you feel you do have a difficulty with your child 's sleeping pattern it may be worth having a chat with your GP or Public Health Nurse
356	If your child has an ongoing sleep problem, then you should talk to your child 's doctor or to a sleep specialist.
268	A sleep specialist at an accredited sleep disorders center can determine which treatment option is best for your child.
266	Sleep experts have built a strong case for including sleep as an integral part of understanding healthy child development.
341	Experts recommend that your child get the following amount of sleep at each stage of growth: Infants (3 to 11 months) : 14 to 15 hours Toddlers: 12 to 14 hours Preschoolers: 11 to 13 hours School-age children: 10 to 11
34	Most sleep experts agree it is important to allow children to fall asleep on their own.
49	If your child suffers from a sleep disorder such as sleep apnea, sleep walking, sleep terrors, restless legs syndrome, he may need a referral to a sleep specialist.
102	Consult your doctor if you have tried everything and you still feel that your child has problems sleeping.
262	If a parent notices the child 's behavior that 's abnormal -- whether it 's inattention or daytime fatigue or sleepiness or irritability or aggression -- and this is a persistent problem in the daytime that becomes a problem in school as well as in the home environment, then that is when the parents should seek a sleep specialist.
180	There is no cause for alarm if a child has occasional nightmares, which are most common between the ages of three and eight.
183	For occasional nightmares, hugs and reassurance are the best response.
182	Times of change, such as moving, starting school, or adjusting to a family change, can trigger nightmares.
186	If a child has recurring nightmares and becomes fearful and irritable during the day, consultation with a professional can be helpful.
404	With further development of imagination, preschoolers commonly experience nighttime fears and nightmares.
252	5 mg of melatonin administered at bedtime reduced sleep-onset latency and increased total sleep time.
290	Melatonin along with behavior modification and good sleep hygiene can be beneficial to children and teens with this problem.
10	By the time children reach preschool age, the sleep cycle is about every 90 minutes.
306	sometimes your child 's current circadian rhythms has him going to bed later than you think.
121	The main way to tell if your child is having trouble sleeping due to separation anxiety, you will be able to tell because she will be able to fall to sleep when you are present.
45	So if your child needs a parent present to fall asleep at bedtime, he might need a parent to help him fall back asleep during the normal awakenings.
133	Put your child to bed as usual but then leave the room after saying a short good-night.
143	Once your child has been put to bed, you should be strict about the rule of not leaving the bedroom.
122	For younger children transitional objects such as teddies and blankets can provide comfort as an alternative to a parent 's presence,
197	Extinction with parental presence allows the parent to remain in the child 's room during the process.
198	The parent then ignores the child 's protests and crying until morning.
230	Para - somnias are strongly associated with genetics and usually present in many family members.
231	Behavioral insomnia results in delayed sleep onset, fragmented nocturnal sleep, insufficient sleep, and daytime sleepiness.
254	Sleepwalking is the most common parasomnia in children.
396	I find that all babies and children are different - they have different sleep needs which are constantly changing.
330	Because the magic of children is that they are all very different from one another, and that they are unique in their transitions from one stage of growth to the next,
316	Sleep-deprivation in our children is a family issue.
253	Children should avoid sleep deprivation, stressful situations, and caffeine close to bedtime.
317	Sleep-deprivation in children often goes unnoticed and rarely gets the attention it should.
30	If your child acts sleepy, it is likely that the child has serious sleep deprivation.
71	Unlike in adults who become sleepy and sedate with sleep deprivation, children have the opposite response and become more hyperactive and unruly.
116	Children who regularly have trouble waking up in the morning and complain of being tired throughout the day are most likely sleep deprived
245	Avoidance of excessive fluids at bedtime and caffeinated beverages helps with sleep onset and reduces the likelihood of nocturnal awakenings.
368	It is possible to block deep slow wave sleep by using benzodiazepines (e.g. diazepam 2-8 mg at bedtime) and this may be used in the short term (up to 4 weeks) to stop night terrors.
250	Diphenhydramine hydrochloride is the most commonly used agent in children for sleep initiation problems.
386	plastic mouthguard worn at night may be used for severe teeth grinding.
255	Dopaminergic medications such as pramipexole and ropinirole are used in adults with RLS, and evidence suggests that these drugs are effective in children as well.
369	The duration of sleep at night depends in part on the duration of daytime naps.
259	Strategies to improve sleep duration among young children may be an important component of behavioral interventions that promote childhood overweight prevention,
370	Children do differ in the amount of sleep that they require and probably the best guide to the adequacy of sleep is the absence of fatigue in the daytime.
373	A newborn infant has a 4 hour sleep rhythm whereby he/she will awaken every 4 hours and slowly through childhood this rhythm is replaced by the adult pattern of 16 hours wakefulness followed by 8 hours sleep.
375	A sense of calm serenity should descend and the lights should be lowered.
97	Some children are happier if a dim light is kept switched on all through the night.
351	Parents need to give their children well-defined limits.
350	Establish a relaxing setting at bedtime.
347	Limit-setting problems usually begin after the age of two.
227	Limit-setting sleep disorder refers to parental difficulties in establishing behavioral limits and enforcing bedtimes, which commonly result in stalling by the child and refusal to go to bed.
359	At bedtime, do not allow your child to have foods or drinks that contain caffeine.
379	The parents should settle the child in his/her own bedroom, the lights in the house should be generally turned down and a nightlight should be allowed during the night.
8	Sleep talking is a sleep-wake transition disorder.
9	A person who talks during sleep typically has no recollection of the actions.
156	Waking and crying at night is a common occurrence with toddlers.
389	Toddlers ' drive for independence and an increase in their motor, cognitive and social abilities can interfere with sleep.
157	Toddlers also react to too-exciting days, arguments between parents, new day care arrangements, and other emotional factors.
331	Toddlers and preschoolers between 1 and 3 years of age need about 11 to 13 hours of total sleep within 24 hours
124	older toddlers and preschoolers require between 11 and 13 hours every day with 2 hours as a midday nap,
286	Even if the almost-five-year-olds are ready to drop it, they still have to be on their beds resting for at least an hour and a half.
153	Toddlers and preschoolers usually need 10 to 12 hours of sleep each night.
388	Many toddlers experience sleep problems including resisting going to bed and nighttime awakenings.
376	From the age of 18 months, toddlers often associate sleep with a piece of silk, a rag or favourite teddy and simply will not go to sleep without them.
17	This disrupted sleep has negative effects on children and parents, which includes fatigue and impairment in affective, cognitive, and behavioural functioning.
147	Sleep disturbances have been linked to a number of negative consequences on children 's daytime functioning, including their social and emotional well-being.
274	If not treated, it may cause a variety of concerns such as heart disease, problem behaviour, learning difficulty, and growth problems
323	Bad sleep habits in children may lead to health problems in adulthood.
339	A child 's sleep problems can also cause unnecessary stress for you and the other members of your family.
383	Young children who wake up early and who do not return to sleep can be a major burden on parents, especially those parents who themselves are of an ' evening ' disposition.
151	One study that manipulated sleep opportunity in a sample of healthy school-aged children found that sleep restriction had a direct effect on teacher-rated attention and academic performance.
195	Sleep problems can affect a child 's learning, mood, attention, behavior and health.
401	Poor sleep habits in babies and children have been linked to obesity, hyperactivity, poor behaviour, slow growth and learning difficulties.
115	sleep difficulties may result in problems with growth.
320	Losing sleep can undo the rejuvenating effects learning has on the brain.
216	If a baby or young child does not sleep well at night it can disturb not only the child but the whole family, causing lack of sleep and stress for the parents and older siblings as well.
264	Infants who were sleeping less than 12 hours per day were more likely to be overweight at 3 years of age.
265	children reported to sleep for short periods may be at risk for later difficulties,
278	Although the impacts of sleep problems on children and young people are not well documented [12] , the available evidence indicates that a chronic lack of sufficient sleep may lead to: lowered physical and mental capacity to recover from sickness or deal with stressful situations.
229	Parasomnias are much more frequently seen in the pediatric population and usually represent the normal neurophysiology of sleep development.
232	Parasomnias are much more prevalent in children with psychiatric or neurologic disorders
276	Insomnia - is when a person finds it hard to fall asleep, stay asleep, or settle back to sleep.
243	The management of insomnia in children should include education about normal sleep development, the establishment of appropriate and realistic expectations for the parents and child, and clear treatment goals.
251	The use of melatonin in children may be effective for sleep initiation insomnia caused by circadian factors.
50	Some children with persistent insomnia will need further behavioral or pharmacological treatment to improve their sleep.
344	Many children have behavioral insomnia of childhood.
212	Children not sleeping six consecutive hours by 17 months of age have greater difficulty consolidating a healthy sleep pattern as they grow older.
222	They involve difficulty falling asleep, are behavioural in nature, and can usually be solved by changing the parents responses.
137	During that first night Adam did wake about 6 times but did not get lifted out of his cot and Tom did the checking during the night.
135	The problems that this approach has been used for are difficulty settling to sleep and frequent waking during the night.
103	If he certifies that the child is normal, do consider the possibility that your child may need more body contact.
132	Once your child has experienced this they will be able to settle to sleep on their own and also get back to sleep if they wake during the night.
200	Over time the parent gradually stops the scheduled awakenings.
7	Children experiencing confusional arousals react slowly to commands and may have trouble understanding questions that they are asked.
394	Systematic ignoring, scheduled waking and controlled comforting (with support for parents) have strong empirical support.
62	We all know that lack of sleep makes us more prone to attentional failures, more likely to make mistakes, makes new information harder to learn, old information harder to retrieve
400	Sunlight plays a really important role in helping to establish our biological clocks so get outside for lots of fresh air and exercise in the day.
372	This practice does not allow the child to learn how to settle down to sleep.
204	Children with poor social skills are at risk for delinquency, academic under-achievement, and school drop out.
303	Sleep may be more appealing if everyone slows down before bedtime.
14	Children can be misdiagnosed with a learning disorder or with ADHD when the problem is really an underlying sleep disorder.
53	Preschool children may also feel anxiety around the issue of toilet training and bedwetting.
314	If your child shows signs of daytime tiredness, yet sleeps within the range of recommended hours, consult your pediatrician.
51	Parental guidance is crucial to development of healthy sleep habits in children.
173	Sleep at the wrong times
66	In general, younger children may sleep during the day and night, and as they get older they will sleep more at night and require fewer naps.

====================== 1017_gold_opti.txt.xml ======================
0	Student loans are available for undergraduates, graduate students, and parents who want to help pay for their child 's undergraduate education, and can be obtained through both the federal government and private lenders.
552	Student loans are available to those studying for a first degree, such as a BA, a BSc or an HND.
238	Student loans are a form of financial aid tailored to students who need financial assistance for college in supplementation to their institutional financial aid packages.
25	You can repay the borrowed amount in 10 years; however, in certain cases, the payback period may be extended up to 25 years.
306	Students in this era, pay 15 % of their income towards their loan repayment every month that can leave them with little balance and sometime even in debt.
459	Private Student Loan Refinancing is popularly known as private student loan consolidation where several private loans of a borrower are consolidated in one monthly payment with a revised interest rate suiting the specifications of the borrower.
253	Both types offer a grace period of 6 months, which means that no payments are due until 6 months after graduation or 3 months after the borrower becomes a less-than-full-time student without graduating.
455	Refinancing student loans can help in simplifying the process and help ease the pressure of payments.
376	All decisions relating to eligibility, the statutory procedures of application, payment and repayment and how the various bodies deal with the student borrower are decided by the DfES (not by any of the participating agencies)
457	You will need to refinance both federal and private loans separately.
454	Refinancing results in a singular monthly payment and some companies might be able to lower the interest rate.
397	Student Loan Forbearance enables you to manage your monthly loan repayment by reducing the amount or temporarily postponing the repayments.
484	Choose a payment plan carefully at the time you are opting for a certain type of student loan.
524	"One should also see other terms and conditions such as  repayment terms '' before selecting the student loan type giving the lowest interest rate."""
529	Extended options associated with repayment of student loans also include federal load consolidation or hardship deferments.
496	Paying back Student Loans without deriving a proper plan often gets you into trouble.
117	Student loan repayment terms and conditions depend on the type of loan.
26	Students have a 6 month grace period after graduation before repayment starts.
395	If you are having problems with the repayment process for your student loans, you should consider pursuing student loan forbearance.
272	The long term monthly repayment loans may really rob off your wealth.
100	be sure you clearly understand the terms of your loan and when payments are due.
547	Most student loans are offered with the option to repay the loan after you have graduated and found a job.
575	Paying back student loans becomes a lot more difficult when you have multiple loans.
582	students who get degrees in public services will be absolved of their loan payments after 10 years of regular repayment.
339	Extending the time over which you pay off your loans thus helps to make each payment smaller and more manageable.
116	Deferred student loan payments allow borrowers to not have to make payments against the principal amount of their loan while they are enrolled.
572	While that may decrease the amount of monthly repayment, it increases the total amount of interest to be paid on the principal.
495	Most student loans do allow deferred payment but federal loans do not always offer this perk.
337	Refinancing Student Loans allows borrowers to make the repayment process easier by getting another type of loan, one which generally has a lower rate of interest or has more favorable terms and conditions.
354	Refinancing your student loans will reduce the pressure of multiple payments and allow you to budget your finances with less pressure.
378	This system of collection is known as Income Contingent Repayment (ICR)
108	Another advantage of secured student loans is that the repayment schedule can be extended for up to thirty years, and the monthly payments are much lower than other more traditional student loans.
497	Once you get a job, start paying back your student loans by putting about 10 % of your monthly paycheck towards them.
338	Your credit history can also play an important role in Refinancing Student Loans, so make sure your credit history is strong, or that you have a credit-worthy cosigner before you start the process of refinancing.
4	Co-signers should have a very good credit history, as their credit will impact the interest rate on the loan.
327	Having a co-signer may increase your chances of approval and possibly obtaining a better interest rate.
3	Some cheap college loans require a co-signer, which usually is the applicant 's parent or legal guardian.
452	no collateral is required for unsecured student loans.
453	All of these factors make unsecured student loans the ideal choice for financing a college education.
165	AES student loans are a unique brand of student loans given to students or their parents to help finance the costly college education.
167	AES stands for American Education Services, a loan servicing company that provides financial assistance to students.
565	A good place to start is to ask your local or regional banks or credit unions if they offer student loans.
439	After exhausting federal aid options, a student can pursue private student loans offered by banks and other financial institutions.
229	A large number of personal student loans are currently offered by private financial institutions around the country.
278	Many students with a bad credit history come under the impression that they wo n't be able to obtain loans.
205	Yes, credit history plays an important role when applying for loans.
178	However, students who do have a good credit history can attempt to apply for private loans without a cosigner, though receiving one especially in this economy will not be easy.
303	Poor credit student loans are loans that are given to students who have poor credit history.
175	If the applicant does not have a good credit history and has applied for a private student loan, then the guarantee of a cosigner makes it easy for the applicant to procure the loan.
106	you do not have to worry about your credit history impacting your eligibility for secured student loans.
561	Texas is teeming with quality institutions, and is a great state in which to pursue higher education.
563	Texas student loans include federal, state, and private loans, and students who attend all types of schools, including community colleges, trade schools, and technical programs in Texas may be eligible to receive these types of loans.
564	State Loans are administered through the State of Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board.
276	Students can borrow up to $ 7,000 per school year.
492	It helps them have a clear vision of what is the total loan amount, the repayment amount to be made each month, and the APR charged on different types of loans being offered in the market.
510	Undergraduate students can borrow up to $ 4,000 for each year of undergraduate study (the total amount you can borrow as an undergraduate is $ 20,000)
177	Student Loan rates are generally lower than other traditional loans, as they are tailored for student borrowers and are meant to make college affordable.
448	Students can also get this assistance if they get employment as teachers in schools that have majority of the students that belong to the low-income stratum.Besides
422	Students will then receive a financial aid package from the school, and a component of the package could include federal or military student loans.
421	Veterans also are offered several educational benefits they can receive depending on their military service, including the Post 9/11 GI Bill, the Montgomery GI Bill, various tuition assistance programs through the branch you served, and several others through the Department of Veterans Affairs.
155	Canadian student loans usually come with low interest rates, and you are not required to start repaying the loan until after you complete your education.
158	Commercial Loan Programs are essentially private Canadian student loans, and commercial Canadian student loans consist of direct-to-consumer loans and school channel loans.
156	Some of the lenders in Canada also offer deferment of repayment for a specific period of time, if provided with a valid financial reason.
79	They are offered based on financial need and not credit history, meaning an individual with either a very bad or nonexistent credit history can receive one.
295	Loans which do not require credit check are the federal student loans which are awarded on the basis of financial need.
372	Many students are left with no choice but to put their dreams of a college education aside and start working due to financial constraints.
271	sometimes these loans become a burden on students and it 's like they have to get rid of these loans as soon as possible.
246	Private universities may come with a price tag of over $ 59,000, while public universities rarely cost below $ 8,000 for in-state students.
525	Some employers even have options for tuition reimbursement in which the employer pays you to attend college.
269	Many students drop the option of college just because of the expenses involved in it.
361	Some private employers will offer student loan repayment programs where they will assist employees in paying down their student debt with matching contributions.
245	Students in Iowa seeking higher education will find that college expenses may be too much too handle without financial assistance.
530	Nursing Student Loans are loans for students who desire to pursue a career in nursing, but lack the funds to pay for the cost of attending nursing school.
539	Graduate nursing students can also apply for Graduate PLUS Loans.
538	Private student loans are another other option for aspiring nurses, and should only be used when all other sources of funding have been exhausted.
533	With the help of a Nursing Student Loan, aspiring nurses can manage to cover all costs associated with attending nursing school, from tuition to room and board and personal expenses.
578	The Obama financial aid program is helping students who are receiving federal financial aid.
577	Under the Obama Student Loans program, the forgiveness period on student loans has been reduced from 25 to 20 years, meaning that if a student successfully and continually makes payments on his or her loans for 20 years, the government will forgive the rest of the payments.
213	Student Loans.org provides free informational guides to college financing and student loans; specifically federal loans, private loans and consolidation loan information.
427	This student loan and financial aid information will help students learn about the vast array of student loan options and help them through the process of dealing with FAFSA and various federal loan programs like Stafford Loans and Perkins Loans.
559	PLATO - Information on scholarships as well as private and federal student loans.
123	Students with weak financial backgrounds can apply for summer school loans.
118	Summer Student Loans are loans that are particularly meant for students who wish to go to summer school but lack the funds to pay for it.
124	The only difference is in the duration for which the loan is acquired, meaning that the loans are constructed to provide funding for only a few months, whereas standard school loans are awarded for a minimum of one year.
558	If you live in England or Wales, the student loans procedure starts with your contacting your Local Education Authority to ask for an application form.
375	The DfES is responsible for deciding all matters of policy within their remit for England and Wales.
104	Once a student defaults on a loan, their lender will turn to a collection agency and instruct them to take whatever measures necessary to ensure repayment of the loan.
105	If you default on student loans, is recommended that you cooperate with the collection agency and come down to an agreement for paying back the loan other than facing legal actions.
94	Once a borrower enters into default, the full amount of the loan becomes due immediately.
456	In case you have defaulted your private student loan, there are several consequences that you might have to face.
95	There are a few ways a lender can collect on a defaulted loan: garnishment of wages, income tax refunds can be withheld, or the borrower can be sued.
97	Defaulting on a loan will have a very negative impact on your credit for years, and it will also prevent you from receiving more federal student loans in the future.
460	Defaulting on Private Student Loans is not good since private lenders are stringent in the terms and conditions offered and mostly do not show any leniency in such a time.
102	Defaulted student loans are an extremely negative mark on your credit history since their consequences linger and will make it nearly impossible to take out another loan in the future.
91	If your loan reaches default status, you will most likely hear from a collection agency.
345	Subsidized loans are awarded based on financial need,
418	Subsidized student loans are unique among all other student loans in that the federal government pays the interest on the loans while the student is in school.
417	Subsidized student loans are preferred over unsubsidized federal loans and private student loans, as they have many unique benefits over other student loans.
194	If you apply for fixed student loans from a private lender, then you should be aware that you will need a good credit score or have a cosigner with a good credit score to get approval for fixed student loans.
403	A vast majority of students and parents apply for student loans but many of them fail to qualify for them.
519	Students academic career, grants, scholarships (if any) , are taken into consideration for most cases in applying for student loans.
188	Students when applying for private loans are also recommended to read the terms and conditions thoroughly, check if the interest rate is fixed or variable and what the repayment conditions entail.
553	Probably the most important message to a new potential borrower is to get your application in just as soon as you can - even if you 're still quite some time away from having a confirmed offer of a place at college or university.
511	Once school funding is complete, consider applying for a student credit card to build credit history and a good credit rating.
560	Online Student Loans Overnight - Students tired of the endless paperwork required to fill out college loans will soon be able to apply online -- and receive approval within 24 hours.
398	To apply for Student Loan Forbearance, you need to get in touch with the organization that services your loan.
159	Students must apply every year for the loan (s) , and must show proof of enrollment within six months of their last semester in school to the lenders in order to maintain interest-free status.
409	if federal aid does not provide enough financial assistance, you can apply for a private student loan.
555	If you live in Scotland, you apply to the Student Award Agency for Scotland and the payment arrangements are broadly similar to those for other UK students.
89	Before you apply for a student loan, it is important to have extensive knowledge about its specific conditions and limitations.
135	To apply for federal financial aid, you must submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
201	Completing a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is highly recommended, however, it is not required for either the Academic Answer or Custom Choice SunTrust Student Loans.
490	Applicants who have exhausted from all other forms of financial assistance can look to private financial assistance as a final measure.
243	To receive federal Georgia Student Loans, you have to file the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) , which will be used to determine your financial need and eligibility for Georgia Student Loans.
114	You will have to file the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) , on which you will find a list of borrower requirements.
244	Once you file the FAFSA, your application process will be complete, and you will receive an aid package from your school shortly thereafter, which may include Georgia student loans.
151	Students must file the FAFSA in order to be considered for these loans.
305	In student loan forgiveness, you get money to pay off your loan after you are graduate.
307	Student Loan Forgiveness have been introduced to ease students with lots of loans.
182	Michigan student loans can be further classified as either direct-to-consumer loans or school channel loans.
183	Direct student loans are given directly to the borrower, allowing them to allocate the funds as they see fit.
144	Be sure to compare your loan options,
109	It is extremely important to thoroughly research the loan you choose to avoid any surprises in the future.
239	As such, it 's difficult to keep track of all of the requirements, so be sure to be in touch with your school 's financial aid office as well as with your lender.
526	Also attending a government school/college instead of an expensive private university is a good option as a loan alternative.
230	Student personal loans are recommended to students only when all federal loan options have been exhausted.
350	Lenders may offer improved or tougher terms based on the student 's payment record.
377	The majority of current lending, for fees and grants, is repaid through the UK tax system.
96	The lender can take legal action against the borrower to recoup the money owed, and will most likely use a collection agency to help with this process.
349	Lenders typically offer loans that are payable immediately, interest-only loans while the student is enrolled, and no-payment loans until graduation.
351	Lenders often charge a fee for originating the loan that is added to the principal of the loan.
107	For secured student loans, the collateral you offer against the loan is enough for the lenders, and a bad credit rating will not affect your eligibility for secured student loans.
193	Fixed student loans provide more financial stability, as payments will remain unchanged as a result of the fixed interest rate.
195	Fixed rate student loans have a number of benefits over adjustable interest rate loans.
185	Foreign students can apply with an American cosigner who has a good credit score, but only for private student loans.
187	Fortunately, there are now loans to international students specially designed to help U.S. students to study abroad and international students with study in the United States.
394	international students who are unable to afford the cost of attendance entirely out-of-pocket have no choice but to seek out private student loans.
328	The interest rate on your private student loans is pegged to an index, such as Libor or Prime.
330	The Prime Lending Rate is the interest rate lenders offer to their most creditworthy customers.
329	The Libor index is the London Interbank Offered Rate and represents what it costs a lender to borrow money.
267	Grants are free money and a person who receives a grant need not to pay it back.
301	The Pell Grants are one of the best options available for the students with bad credit because this is a grant not a loan.
523	One of the good student loan alternatives are to look and apply for scholarships.
299	Students applying for a degree at undergraduate or graduate level can apply for this scholarship.
324	There are total five types of Deferred Student Loans, and each has its own set of rules.
264	Deferment policies vary between lenders, and your capacity to defer your student loans will depend on your situation.
262	Economic Deferment consists of economic hardship and unemployment deferment.
321	If during the grace period you realize that you wo n't be able to make the scheduled payments, then it is a good time to start applying for student loan deferment.
265	If you are reaching the end of your deferment period and your financial position has not changed, then you have the chance to reapply for further deferment of three years.
325	you can re-extend your deferment period for another three years.
473	Students can defer their loan repayments and begin repaying the loan after graduation.
261	If you find that you are unable to meet your monthly repayments, then you may need to defer payments on your student loans until your financial situation has changed.
322	Most student loans, whether federal or private, come with deferment options that can allow you to push back your payments in six to twelve increments.
103	Loan deferment is a good option if you are unable to make repayments on time due to economic hardships.
412	Banks such as Chase and Citi Group offer deferment options where you can halt your repayments for a specific period of time provided you have a valid reason.
320	The Deferred Student Loan gives you the flexibility of starting the repayments after completing your education.
260	Deferment lets you temporarily suspend repaying your student loans.
323	After qualifying for the deferment, you should know whether interest would accrue while your loan is deferred.
486	If you 're having trouble making your payments on the loan, consider filing for deferment or loan consolidation.
263	The best part is that once you have deferred your loan, you will not be charged any interest on federally subsidized loans.
574	If students come under financial hardship they may have deferment options available to them from their lender.
581	students who are making timely payments and have loan programs extended to more than 20 years will only be required to pay the loan for the initial 20 years of the loan repayment schedule,
189	For students in the United States and Canada who want to study abroad, there are an incredible number of options for student loans.
98	Collection agencies are notorious for being aggressive and relentless in pursuing debtors.
569	As a part of a financial aid package, student loans differ from the other components of financial aid such as grants and scholarships, as, rather obviously, student loans have to be repaid.
344	The best types of student loans for these students and parents are No Credit Check Student Loans.
554	The payment of tuition fees is separate from student loan arrangements because it applies whether students choose to take out loans or not.
68	For students studying in Virginia, there are a variety of VA student loans available that are designed and available solely for in-state students.
11	Good student loans will provide a significant amount of aid at an extremely low Annual Percentage Rate (APR) that makes the repayment process very easy with a minimal mark-up.
300	Primary care loans can be returned after a grace period of twelve months following the date of graduation.
240	As a baseline, any and all student loans will require the following criteria to approve you for a loan: you must have U.S citizenship or a co-signer who is a citizen, a valid Social Security Number (SSN) , and a clean record, free of defaults or delinquencies in other loan programs, as well as felonies.
319	Most students attending college would like to save as much as possible while finishing up their degree.
41	Florida has two major kinds of loan programs:
379	The aim of Lifelong Learning is to provide education for adults from those taking their first steps back into learning to professionals updating their skills.
396	A loan forbearance program allows borrowers to restructure their payment plans, which rather simply lets individuals manage their monthly payments in better way.
92	Most loan rehabilitation programs allow you get out of default by making nine reasonable, affordable, and consecutive payments.
83	Rising college costs have made college more and more unaffordable to many families, and financial aid is often not enough to cover the costs associated with attending college.

====================== 1029_gold_opti.txt.xml ======================
54	Appropriate discipline is used consistently
726	Use a democratic approach to discipline so they wo n't need to rebel during adolescence.
55	it is important that discipline is not too extreme.
2	If children can find other enjoyable things in life, they will be less likely to turn to drugs.
48	If drugs are n't the answer, what is?
3	"parents need to show their children positive strategies to  enjoy life through accomplishments, though loving and being loved"""
420	In order for the addict to heal, their family needs to heal and the relationship needs to be repaired.
289	They need us to reach out to them with love and understanding but also with a firm grasp of what needs to be done to get them well again.
88	Kids who grow up watching their parents abuse alcohol are more likely to abuse alcohol themselves at a younger age.
46	if problems are left without assistance, there is a price to pay.
1038	Get your extended family to help in a positive way.
288	"Tell your children,  We all make mistakes, but do the next right thing."""
53	What helps to make a good home environment in which kids are less likely to turn to drugs?
1051	With support for yourself, a lot of love for him, and more than a little luck, you may help your teen figure out that being drug-involved gets him nowhere except in trouble.
455	Show these kids their lives are worthy in their parents eyes.
47	these children need things that only we can provide if society accepts difference,
1040	Get together and brainstorm ways to get your kids busier with positive things.
154	Monitor your kid 's behavior.
138	Stay awake (if you can) to monitor kids condition as they return home from an evening 's events.
530	5 Things Every Parent Has the Right to Know: Where are you going? Who will you be hanging out with? How will you get home? What time will you be home?
850	Monitor your children 's whereabouts.
486	do what ever you find necessarry to monitor their behavior.
6	Barun also recommends gradually loosening parental controls on children as they pass through the teen years.
294	if you think your child might be taking drugs, I personally do n't think it 's unreasonable to search their room.
822	Know who your kids are with.
1085	Providing alcohol to underage children where there is no responsible supervision is not only dangerous, it is illegal.
821	Know where your kids are.
754	"Adolescents like hearing,  You 're in charge; you 're in control; your time has come."""
828	Engage the larger family of your children 's friends, teachers, classmates, neighbors and community.
1161	teach their child to choose friends wisely;
720	My husband and I chose to raise our two sons aged 16 and 18 outside in a smaller community where we would be able to monitor and offer them a nice quality of life.
7	kids are most likely to use drugs and alcohol in the company of their peers.
994	Positive Peer Pressure In a time when peer pressure can be very destructive to our students, it is important for kids to encourage each other to make the commitment to stay away from drugs and alcohol.
440	The entrance requirements for the drug clique are easy.
1125	Examples of these are peer pressure, false information from others and the glamorization of alcohol by the media.
787	When kids are afraid of bullies and other kids, one of the options they have is to join the group and become a bully.
1126	Our children are confronted with negative influences on a daily basis.
751	Do n't ever underestimate the power of peer pressure.
243	The more your children are active, the less time they have to get caught up in the pressure from peers to drink alcohol and use drugs.
10	peer pressure is the most commonly cited reason why kids start doing drugs.
1069	When teens are under the impression that everyone else does drugs and everyone experiments with alcohol, the peer pressure just closes in on them, and it will seem like such a big task to them to stay away from it.
556	Even in elementary or intermediate school, kids want to be cool.
70	Sometimes kids do these things because they do n't think they are dangerous or really that serious.
11	kids sometimes give in to peer pressure simply because no one has taught them how to say no effectively.
905	It has become an epidemic that is destroying the good kids.
139	Research has shown that groups of teens together are more likely to engage in risky behavior.
185	Kids as young as 10 report that they are worried about the pressure to be involved with drugs or alcohol.
791	If these are your child s friends, realize that he is almost certainly engaging in the same type of risky behavior even if he says he s not.
545	In this generation teenagers are NOT popular if they do n't drink.
441	I even know of kids who were told that the group would hurt their family if they did n't steal, deal, and use.
749	"there 's a lot of pressure to use the drugs that kids see as  soft ': pot, ecstasy, and pharmaceuticals."""
448	They have the idea that they ca n't be a star in any area that counts to their peers.
644	Good kids do stupid things and can associate with others that do dumb things.
996	Sometimes the message sounds different when it comes from a peer, rather than an adult who is constantly telling kids what not to do.
251	Keep Track of Your Child 's Activities:
1162	monitor their child s activities.
823	Know what your kids are doing.
9	"It is also recommended that parents keep track of what their child is doing at all times, by asking the  w ' questions: who they are with, what they are doing, when they are doing it, and where."""
13	"Also, the  fire and brimstone ' preaching approach is bound to fail."""
305	Teenagers are not always rational and rational explanations do not always work.
1100	Do n't ridicule or lecture, as this could make future discussions about drugs more difficult and make your kids more resistant to talking about them at all.
690	Reasoning, a parenting style known as inductive control, also seemed to have little effect.
90	Parents should first of all talk to their children regularly about the dangers of alcohol abuse.
161	Research has shown that most early drinking happens in someone 's home; in fact, it is often in your own home.
586	We may think our perception of alcoholism is pretty advanced today, but it has taken many years to get to this point.
508	Teens, Alcohol and Binge Drinking: Why Kids Are Drinking Hard Alcohol at a Younger Age
514	if alcoholism is in your family, your child is four times more likely to become an alcoholic.
160	If you really think drinking is going on despite your firm wishes, you can take your child to see a psychologist or therapist trained in substance abuse detection and treatment.
93	College campuses are often settings for this kind of dangerous behavior, and school officials and parents worry about the safety of young people drinking to get drunk.
848	Open the lines of communication and keep them open.
110	The number of alcohol-poisoning deaths per year rose from 18 in 1999 to 35 in 2005.
159	Set up an agreement for no questions asked pickup -- and mean it.
513	children who get drunk for the first time under the age of 15 are five times more likely to have alcohol-related problems later on in life.
813	Drinking can program a teen 's brain for alcoholism.
94	Plenty of adults get together and have a great time with alcoholic beverages and never get rowdy or drive drunk or anything stupid.
559	They are self-medicating to feel better.
560	The second group is the kids who want to feel better.
15	Dependence -- needing to take drugs to feel good and handle problems, instead of learning how to be happy and do things in better ways without drugs.
1189	The person feels a rush when they wake up, like a drug high, which keeps them coming back for more.
16	Tolerance -- having to take more and more of a drug to get the same effect.
988	Getting high also impairs judgment, which can lead to risky decision making on issues like sex, criminal activity, or riding with someone who is under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
701	One group of young people seems to use drugs simply to feel good.
82	Often with these kinds of drugs, students do n't even see that it is wrong, because they see it helping out for a good purpose.
1027	He needs new ways to feel good about himself.
1188	Kids will sometimes strangle themselves or make themselves hyperventilate in order to fall unconscious for a few seconds before waking back up.
702	These are kids who in some way or another are suffering and use drugs to try to make themselves feel better, or even normal.
1077	Addicts may show a change in eating and sleeping patterns.
1075	Someone with an addiction will not be able to go long without the substance.
1158	It is harmful and illegal, and it can lead to addiction.
17	Addiction -- becoming dependent on a drug and having touble quitting. Immediate effects -- emphasizing the negative short-term consequences of drug use, rather than long term problems, is more effective for children and adolescents.
1076	Addicts lose interest in things they used to care about.
19	many children think that lots of kids are doing drugs.
98	"This year 's  Top Druggiest College ' is the University of Colorado at Boulder."""
549	half of all children will try drugs before they get out of high school.
1081	most young people are not doing illegal drugs.
1103	Try to see your child 's point of view while encouraging them to understand yours.
21	Use encouragement to motivate your child to change undesirable behavior.
26	Mention dangerous side effects
1001	Other serious risks are heart attack, stroke, respiratory arrest, and seizure.
631	No parent, child, or family is immune to the effects of drugs.
184	Be specific about the effects of drugs and make sure your information is correct.
197	The person abusing substances, regardless of which ones, usually ends up in trouble at school, work, legally, in relationships within the family and outside the family.
1017	Teenagers that are using drugs will often start having problems with schoolwork and grades.
620	Be specific about the effects of the drugs: how they make a person feel, the risk of overdose, and the other long-term damage they can cause.
475	Because of her past drug use she she now has memory problems,
85	Drugs can have fatal side effects, especially if taken in combination with other drugs or alcohol.
902	Eventually it is not about getting high, its about taking the drug to curb the side effects because the body needs the drug.
32	In 30 years there has been a twentyfold increase in the consumption of drugs for attention-deficit disorder.
402	Teens have also been getting away with taking their own family members ' prescription drugs, such as OxyContin, Valium, and Adderall.
860	Sometimes the line is even blurred between necessary medical use and the abuse of a drug.
359	Methamphetamine is available by prescription, but this controlled substance can be cooked in a home lab and made into powder and sold on the street as a potent drug.
29	MOSTLY because we 've been fed this crap and are scared we 're just drugging the poor kid into submission.
587	Cough syrup with codeine is available by a doctor 's prescription and, like other prescription drugs, kids often think they are safe because they are legal.
403	A growing percentage of teens have experimented with prescription drugs.
253	Keep Track of Alcohol and Prescription Drugs:
35	Ritalin and Adderall, a combination of dextroamphetamine and amphetamine, are stimulants.
37	Most of the prescriptions - more than 70 per cent - were written by general practitioners, and not by specialists.
603	Parents have been slow to catch on to this trend, and now the abuse of prescription drugs is a serious problem in schools.
33	Attention-deficit drugs increase concentration in the short term, which is why they work so well for college students cramming for exams.
40	Drug therapy is based on the medical model of disability.
43	All studies point to the fact that long term drug use has no benefit at best, and that it actually robs the patrient of other abilities they have.
86	Other drugs are so addicting that by abusing them when they are young, adolescents are setting themselves up for a life of addiction.
392	Many people spend their entire lives trying to break free from these addictions and unfortunately a large number of youth ca n't wait to be able to try it themselves.
900	The kids today are crushing the pills to snort, and even injecting the pills.
386	teens can become physically and psychologically addicted.
123	Imagine that something takes hold of your child 's mind so forcefully that you ca n't get through to them any more.
276	Addiction is the wiliest disease that there is.
430	They get so used to life with the addict that they do n't expect anything better then the turmoil that addiction brings.
203	addiction is blamed on an addict 's friends or family,
608	Highly addictive, these drugs cause such a high feeling that users are left looking for more.
425	Addiction is a Family Affair
337	for an addicted person, the poison, and by that I mean withdrawal, is the antidote.
280	Addiction creates its own mental health issues, so you need to wait until the drugs are out of the system before you can get an accurate assessment.
743	Steve understands the needs of people who are affected by addiction.
60	90 percent of adults who have a drug or alcohol problem started using before the age of 18.
795	Once kids start using drugs, it 's easy for teens to become dependent on them because adolescents always feel stress.
124	Many parents go through this with their child who is a drug addict, but it 's not just drugs that pull kids in so tightly.
1078	Sleepless nights, lack of desire to eat, and depression are all common results of many addictions.
277	"The addiction says,  Give me more drugs, I have to have more or you will go through pain."""
61	It is not simply a stage of rebellion that kids go through that will pass.
275	There is not enough compassion out there for parents whose kids are addicted.
183	Get educated about the substances your kids are being exposed to today.
1174	The number of parents who report they need more tools and information to help their kids deal with drugs and alcohol jumps 46 percent between 4th-5th grade and 6th-8th grade.
538	For more parent information on handling substance use in your family, log on to www.drugfree.org.
293	The key to prevention is education and honest open relationships with your children.
73	With all the new names and types of drugs, parents may find all the information overwhelming, but with a little help, parents can eventually navigate through the details they need to know.
396	By becoming educated and helping educate their children, parents can help keep their kids safe
259	As parents, we need to take an active role in learning about alcohol and drugs and in helping our kids to do the same.
1180	The study shows that as kids transition into teendom, their parents ' need for useful information and help talking about drugs and alcohol peaks.
395	Parents also need to know what the trends are, and what kinds of temptations are out there for their kids.
943	Get Educated First, learn as much as you can.
612	Parents who are educated about the effects of drug use and learn the facts can help correct any misconceptions children may have.
249	Your ability to provide family leadership in prevention requires you to be better educated.
548	Everything you do towards informing does make a difference and does get stored in thier brains.
356	Parents need to educate themselves about these risks, and then educate their kids.
1025	it is important for people to learn more about substance abuse and mental health issues and to be encouraged to get help for these problems.
175	As kids reach new developmental stages, they need more specific information about alcohol, tobacco, and other drugs.
195	Educating parents about alcohol and drug use is good information to have, and very useful in helping them recognize and label the condition.
199	Understanding families and family dynamics is difficult enough, but adding alcohol and drugs takes it to an entirely different level.
1118	Parenting an adolescent is never easy, and when your teen is using or abusing drugs or alcohol, this transitional period is especially complex.
256	As our kids get older and alcohol and drugs enter the picture, we are faced with a unique set of challenges that require our focused attention.
290	Usually by the time parents are savvy that their child is using drugs, the problem is severe.
453	Parents need to model meeting challenges in other ways.
75	Parents who are concerned about keeping their child off drugs have a big challenge ahead of them.
258	Taking an Active Role Raising children is one of the most challenging roles that any man, woman or couple can ever experience in life.
81	Pill parties are get-togethers where adolescents bring whatever drugs they could get from home or a relative 's house, and take turns popping the pills and exploring the effects.
952	We have had parents who actually think it 's okay to put on the parties because the kids are in a confined area.
835	Experts warned against facilitating teen drinking by hosting parties for underage drinkers, or looking the other way when evidence of drug use pops up.
145	Parties at your home, without you in attendance, put your students and you at risk if alcohol or drugs are present.
1181	We hear from kids that unsupervised sleepovers are often fertile ground for misbehavior
78	They are aware that club drugs like Ecstasy and meth are out there, and that prescription drugs like OxyContin are becoming a huge problem.
604	"Teens have begun having  pharming parties ' where everyone brings a stash from their home and shares with the group."""
83	Medications that help people focus or increase energy so a student can stay up all night to study are the most commonly abused.
625	News, such as steroid use in professional sports, can be springboards for casual conversations about current events.
215	what happens when so many athletes are now taking performance enhancing drugs?
214	How do our teens learn to try their hardest in sports, but accept their abilities as they are and not try to artificially boost them with drugs?
91	If a parent 's drinking is out of control, they should seek help right away in order to provide their child with the best chance at living a sober life.
1015	Parents that do drugs or are alcoholics themselves are more likely to raise children who try drugs or alcohol,
108	Teens certainly do n't need to know all the details about their parents ' substance abuse, especially if there is quite a long history.
897	The problem does n't start at the school. The problem starts at HOME.
95	If you 're not able to moderate your drinking, then you should n't drink.
272	Kids who use drugs should be evaluated to see what kind of treatment they need.
296	For over a year now I 've tried to get my daughter into treatment and that is were the system becomes very frustrating,
366	After the physical dependency of the substance is addressed, the patient can begin counseling and treatment to manage the psychological dependency.
882	I need to use my knowledge to help her stay off the stuff, not to say it 's okay for her to try it.
706	They need professional treatment.
231	When it comes to anti-drug strategies, a busy life has its ups and downs.
663	Parents ca n't seek treatment for them.
480	GET YOUR CHILDREN IN TREATMENT.
1021	There are many adolescent drug treatment facilities out there, and by stopping the problem before it gets too large to handle will aid in the recovery process.
703	using illicit drugs is not an effective treatment.
99	There has been a big push recently to focus more on treatment and rehabilitation for drug abusers and less on law enforcement and punishment for drug possession.
677	The aim of this conversation is to develop a comprehensive list of possible workable strategies as well as ones to discontinue using.
104	A middle of the road approach is best - give them enough details to make them prepared, but not enough to make them feel like an expert.
935	It is recommended that parents give an honest answer, although details are not necessary.
311	While I strongly believe it is important to be honest with your children, I do not want to give the impression that parents should tell all.
135	It is critical to provide them with information before they have the opportunity to use them.
615	Kids who are n't properly informed are at greater risk of engaging in unsafe behaviors and experimenting with drugs.
107	It is not necessary to go into great detail; just give them the basics and leave it at that.
111	Heroin is an extremely addicting substance.
903	Heroin is made more available than most people think.
112	In Indiana, the purity of heroin has been on the rise, up to 80 % in some cases.
113	Counties that in the past have not seen any heroin overdoses are now seeing a number of the fatalities.
1141	we can treat heroin addicts in ways other than helping them gain sobriety.
116	The effects of heroin addiction are devastating in any area.
118	Parents should never rely on a drug test or their child 's word for assurance that their child is not using drugs.
503	If you all have n't started drug/alcohol testing your kids now, it 's a good idea to start.
958	About 20 % of the students in grades 7 through 12 are participating in drug testing.
655	if you need to test your child, check with your local police/sheriff department to see where they test then take your child there.
1114	The consequences for a positive test result should be made clear in advance, and if a test does come back positive, parents must have the strength to implement whatever treatment or consequences had been pre agreed to.
1111	Cheap, reliable and accurate - drug tests give you peace of mind, and also let you get them the help needed quickly, should a test come back positive.
1117	Drug testing can help.
951	They know you 're going to drink so they do n't want to give you a drug and alcohol test because they know you might get caught and you will get in trouble for sports in school.
1113	The ideal result for the introduction of family drug testing is not to catch teens in the act as such, but to keep them from indulging, knowing that if they do they will certainly be caught.
344	The problem is his dad will want him to go live with him but wo n't stay on top of searches and random drug testing.
1112	Kids who have a history of drug and alcohol abuse should be informed that drug testing is to become a regular part of the family life, and there should be no exceptions made once this announcement is made.
907	I do n't care if they deny they do not do drugs, bring them to their doctors and get them drug tested.
1116	If a kid knows that a positive drug test means another session at a drug rehab facility, that may be enough to keep them from using.
1067	Some teens will change to a different type of drug, one that ca n't be detected in at-home tests.
132	Teens are good about finding ways around the drug tests
957	Norfolk High School is one of two schools in the state starting voluntary drug testing.
119	Instead of giving regular drug tests or assuming your child is telling you the truth, have conversations with your child about the dangers of drugs.
131	Parents who rely on a regular drug test often get too comfortable
1066	Even with all the advances in technology and testing methods, kids are coming up with new ways to cheat on drug tests.
126	parents should set limits on the amount of time a child can be on the Internet or playing these games.
758	You can get computer programs to track the websites your children have visited.
1007	Parents need to become more informed about their children 's technology usage.
1002	The findings reveal that one in 20 teens who are viewing online videos watched one or more drug-related videos during a one-month period.
1012	Internet sites also pose a big problem for teens and adolescents today, providing them with information about drugs, or even selling them the drugs.
456	I do see a lack of caring attitude when it comes to his personal apperance, his posessions, and he spends as much time as I allow and more on video games and the computer.
1004	Other forms of communication; cell phones, blackberries, and social networking sites, can all be means of easy communication about drugs.
210	Kids often find weird ways to get drunk because they think it is fun or ca n't be detected as easily, and videos and instructions quickly travel around the Internet of kids performing these acts.
361	Countless websites instruct anyone who cares on how to make certain street drugs.
1005	there are still all the other sites on the Internet that provide kids with bad information about drugs.
143	Kids feel they are being responsible by having a designated driver-while this does help the risks on the road, it does nothing to protect your youth from the many other risks of drinking heavily-not the least of which are sexual assault, alcoholism, injuries from falls or fighting, and so forth.
879	Behaving responsibly does not include hanging out with kids who use drugs and drink that s all there is to it.
348	parents need to take responsibility
192	Help young people practice taking responsibility, and learning about consequences in other areas of their life.
127	Parents are urged to keep an eye on their young adult and help them learn the importance of responsible drinking.
681	Asking young people to ' help ' mum and dad by explaining to them how they are going to manage to use drugs safely will place a burden of responsibility on the young person.
141	"You can uphold the rules in your household, even though you might feel like the  meanest parent ' in town."""
1110	Once you 've decided on these rules, enforce them, and let your kids know the consequences of breaking them.
148	make sure to understand other families ' rules, and attitudes about alcohol, drugs, and other things that might concern you.
245	Without consequences the rules have no value and will not work.
177	Be firm, be clear, and be prepared to deliver consequences if your rules are not observed.
819	"Set clear  no-alcohol ' rules for your children."""
1008	Rules need to be established about what their kids can and can not do on the Internet,
778	The best we can do is guide them, set limits, project our view of what 's right and wrong in the world and hold them accountable
134	Start early making it clear that use of alcohol, tobacco, or drugs will not be tolerated.
936	Make sure you speak to the danger of drugs,
224	They need to hear the negatives of getting involved with substance abuse and that there will be consequences if they do.
1044	Work together to set reasonable rules for your home.
1108	Generally kids expect and appreciate some ground rules.
501	Better strict now than sorry later!
247	Consistent enforcement of the rules, with consequences, if needed is essential.
765	"It 's very important that your child has a sense of,  If I do n't listen to my parents, I could get into trouble."""
826	Set rules and expect your children to follow them.
990	By staying involved, knowing what their kids are doing, and setting limits with clear rules and consequences, parents can keep their kids drug-free.
1065	Many parents have suspicions about their adolescent trying drugs, or hanging out with friends that use drugs.
1	In other words, it is more important to give penalties for misbehavior consistently, rather than to make the penalties overly harsh.
916	Talk in advance about the consequences for breaking the rules.
479	KIDS NEED CONSEQENCES FOR BAD BEHAVIOR OR THEY DIE.
927	Let your kids know your household limits on substance abuse.
1104	By actively involving them in setting the rules you can encourage them to take more responsibility for sticking to them.
824	Establish consequences for underage drinking.
281	you ca n't get a child sober and then release them back into the community without putting some structure into place.
1089	Talk to your teenager about knowing their limits.
1160	make clear rules and enforce them with consistency and appropriate consequences;
915	You can explain the need for rules by talking about traffic safety rules and school rules, with which kids are already familiar.
874	If you are asked, it is best to be honest, and if you can, connect your use to negative consequences.
140	Make sure you communicate the family rules clearly and hold the line.
238	"Our decisions and our rules allow our child to use us as  the reason ' for not using alcohol or drugs."""
520	The Simple Contract should be written down and signed at the misuse level.
820	Review family rules regularly.
518	List the logical consequences for breaking the rules.
519	Start out with rules.
975	Texting can help parents open new lines of communication and it 's a non-confrontational way to start conversations with their kids about sensitive topics, like drug use and drinking.
162	Reinforce that the use of these substances are not allowed and you will be terribly disappointed if they participate in such behavior.
331	Consequences are essential-it 's how we learn.
1217	Deal with it as a violation of family rules.
825	Follow through on no-alcohol rules.
1204	Have a house rule regarding language that applies to everyone who lives in the home.
187	Be firm and do n't give in on your rules.
482	I had him arrested for stealing, at least this way I would know he would live for that amount of time.
500	you are NOT being hypocritcal by saying ZERO TOLERANCE is our rule.
685	Telling young people about the rules of the house regarding drug use is also important.
974	Starting the conversation with your kids and keeping communication open is never easy -- but it 's also not as difficult as you may think.
628	Consider establishing a written or verbal contract on the rules about going out or using the car.
775	You have to be very clear and take a stand: No drinking. No drugs.
918	Discuss the consequences of that person 's choice and who in that person 's life is affected.
532	This is a rule written down with specific consequences, to be implemented if the verbal agreement is broken.
182	Try to stay calm, even when their comments scare you, in order to keep the conversation flowing.
1043	Let him know, calmly, that the rules are the rules.
617	Keep the tone of these discussions calm and use terms that your child can understand.
923	If your child mentions something upsetting, such as his/her knowledge of peer substance use, do n't react in a way that will cut off discussion.
945	Be sure to have the conversation when you are all calm and have plenty of time.
146	Try not to react emotionally even though what they say scares you.
1046	Calmly tell him what those limits are - and mean it.
147	Know your kids friends and their families.
636	it 's important to know your child 's friends - and their parents.
600	Parents need to be aware of their teen 's friends and activities, as well as the potential risks for kids these days.
494	Talk with parents of their friends.
155	Keep tabs on where they are going, who they are with, what condition they are in when they return home.
239	Connect With Your Child 's Friends:
1198	Meet the parents of your child 's friends to further understand what your child and their friends might be up to.
357	Parents need to be vigilant about what their kids are doing and who they are hanging out with.
1022	Be aware of what your teen children are doing with their time, who they are hanging around with, and what they are doing with the internet and other technologies.
240	Make Connections With Other Parents Too:
1150	This mother used drugs herself and taught her son to do marijuana, crack cocaine, and heroin, even going so far as to inject the heroin into her son 's arm.
151	Kids will often do as they see you do, not as you say.
190	Talk to your spouse about the role that alcohol, smoking, or drug consumption plays in your family, and how you want that to be viewed by your child.
150	Watch your own behavior about the role of alcohol or drugs in your life, and be aware that kids are very adept at picking up these things.
1107	If you take drugs yourself you ca n't expect your kids to take your advice.
561	Look for the signs like mood changes, or changes in energy levels.
121	an attentive parent can often see the signs by just paying attention without even having to snoop.
389	Parents are the ones that first need to get a handle on what teens and pre-teens are doing so they can watch for warning signs and talk to their kids about the risks.
523	Substance abuse almost always shows up in attendance, GPA, and truancy.
709	It may seem natural for an adolescent to be a bit surly, but most adolescents are not actually sullen, withdrawn, apathetic and lethargic.
1016	Do n't wait for the problem to explode in your face, but rather watch for warning signs ahead of time.
649	It was a gradual change.
939	Be aware of your child 's face and body language.
196	It helps them see warning signs, identify suspicious behavior, and know the differences among various drugs and their effects.
388	Parents should watch out for the glassy eyes, the change in behavior, or even the physical effects like inflammation of the throat.
325	What are some signs that might help you identify whether your child is smoking marijuana?
1184	Look for changes in affect, mood, personality, level of secrecy, friends, grades, and sleeping or eating patterns.
326	These are the big signs: kids ' grades slip, they change their whole group of friends, they stop playing sports or going to youth group, their personalities change and they become more negative and less approachable.
1010	But being aware of the risks your teen faces, as well as the warning signs of drug and alcohol abuse, parents may be able to prevent their child from a life of addiction.
497	If you see behavior changing radically, chances are very good he/she IS using.
801	Recognize the signs of drug use and the paraphernalia that is required to use drugs.
707	Telltale sign include recent mood and energy level changes, changes in eating habits, specific signs like redness around the eyes, and changes in social and educational performance.
1185	Perhaps the clearest signal of drug use is change.
937	Ask your neighbors to let you know if they see unusual/perhaps worrisome activity around the house.
329	You will see increasingly dramatic personality changes.
265	as a parent what should I look for as signs of alcohol or drug problems
1020	Red flags that should immediately alert you that your child is doing something they should n't include missing money or missing prescription drugs from your possession, and finding drug paraphernalia among your child 's belongings.
1079	Family members of addicts will often know that something is wrong with their loved one, but they might not always know what it is.
158	Do n't be naive about vomiting or hangover.
168	Sometimes a parent 's personal history makes them reluctant to set limits for their own child.
167	Many parents experimented, used and abused alcohol when they were adolescents.
833	the current generation of parents is the most drug-experienced in history.
44	Before the sexual revolution having to great of a desire for sex was bad, especially among women.
260	It is important for you to know that parents play a significant role in preventing and dealing with alcohol and drugs.
597	Parents strongly influence the decisions teens make and this campaign provides much-needed tools to help parents feel better equipped to discuss this important health issue with their kids.
831	Through your behaviors and actions you are constantly communicating to your children,
959	as parents we have far more influence than we think,
976	Parents have tremendous influence on teens ' decisions to not drink and use drugs.
352	your child is the way it is because that is the way you parented it.
970	As a parent, the things you say and do have a tremendous influence on the decisions your child makes - especially when it comes to using drugs or alcohol.
173	Studies among students revealed that parents are the # 1 reason they do n't use alcohol or drug.
982	Most parents are surprised to learn that they are the most powerful influence on their children when it comes to drugs.
188	Help them understand the difference between medicine used appropriately, and drugs used for other purposes then getting well.
515	Misuse, Abuse and Addiction: Know the Difference
181	It is important to help them understand the differences between drugs used as medicine and drugs used in improper and dangerous ways.
913	Talk with kids about the differences between food, poisons, medicines and illicit drugs
186	Kids who admitted to drinking or using illegal drugs were twice as likely to say they can always change the mind of an adult to get their way.
539	My parents made it clear that drinking alcohol is not respectful to my body, nor is it legal.
445	When we got them on proper medication, they no longer abused illegal drugs.
1146	As disturbing as this story sounds, there are many other parents that knowingly contribute to their child 's drug use.
416	parents should never assume that their teens are not vulnerable to drugs and alcohol,
250	Research studies show that parents who drink alcohol or use drugs are more likely to have kids who drink or use.
198	"Due to their drinking and drug use, and their out of control behavior they become the focus of attention and labeled as the  problem ' or "" troublemaker."""
834	Parents are afraid to discuss their own past,
1139	Kids also have the option of just ignoring their parents ' drug or alcohol abuse and going on with their own lives.
832	Parental actions like their own drinking, smoking and drug-using habits are the main lessons parents deliver,
1140	some kids who get clean end up relapsing because their substance-dependant parents send the child addict-designed messages that are incongruent with what the child just learned in treatment.
223	Mixed messages about drug legalization, particularly marijuana, may be to blame,
320	Marijuana is easily available, relatively cheap, and kids say that it relaxes them, it 's effective for stress, and gets rid of their anxiety.
579	Marijuana potency has grown steeply over the past decade, with serious implications in particular for young people, who may not only be at increased risk for various psychological conditions, cognitive deficits and respiratory problems, but are at significantly higher risk for developing dependency on other drugs, such as cocaine and heroin, than are nonsmokers.
992	Among kids who use drugs, 60 percent use only marijuana.
328	Depression and suicidal thoughts can also be a by-product of smoking marijuana.
323	If you 're a parent and you smoked marijuana as a young person, do you have a leg to stand on when you talk to your kids about it?
327	Marijuana destroys motivation, it screws up memory, and it gradually destroys self-esteem.
310	I wanted to clarify my ideas about sharing your own experiences with marijuana, alcohol, and/or other drugs with your child.
1064	Marijuana is one of those substances that many people do n't see the harm in.
595	Regardless of whether or not people are hoping to make marijuana legal someday, for now the substance is illegal, and it should not be presented in a way that is appealing to kids.
412	Parents of older teens were far more likely to report that their child might be using alcohol or marijuana.
944	If I knew what I know now I would never have smoked marijuana even once!
308	Young people are especially vulnerable to marijuana s addictive effects,
578	People fear what damage more potent marijuana will do to those who are expecting pot to be a harmless recreational drug.
415	about half believed that marijuana use among the nation 's 10th-graders was 40 % or higher.
987	Marijuana is the most widely used illegal drug among youth today and is more potent than ever.
856	It 's simply not true that kids do n't develop a dependence on marijuana.
235	Not only do teens think using marijuana and driving under its influence is harmless, but this study suggests that some teens think they are even better drivers while high.
991	Kids use marijuana far more than any other illegal drug.
889	Age 12, like with sex education, is a pretty solid age to introduce your children to the general aspects of marijuana use.
580	Those who are in favor of legalizing marijuana, especially for medical purposes, do n't see the potency as necessarily a negative thing.
591	Residents in some parts of the country have been surprised to see marijuana-shaped candy showing up in some convenience stores.
1062	Marijuana has also been found to impact the user 's cognition and emotion.
989	Each year, more kids enter treatment with a primary diagnosis of marijuana dependence than for all other illegal drugs combined.
324	Marijuana is stronger than it used to be and we now have research that tells us about the frightening things it does to your personality and your performance in school, sports, and every area of your life.
993	by 12th grade, marijuana use increases to more than two in five teens.
309	The research is clear and unequivocal marijuana is a physiologically addictive drug causing both tolerance and withdrawal symptoms
986	Marijuana use can lead to a host of significant health, social, learning, and behavioral problems at a crucial time in a young person 's development.
484	My younger brother died from smoking marijuana.
1191	Studies this year show that young people 's use of marijuana is on the rise.
201	"There 's  a dangerous trend toward the acceptance of marijuana and other substances compared to our study of teens conducted just two years ago,"""
660	I recently found a glass pipe on his dresser that had marijuana resin on it.
318	One of the dangers of marijuana is that it 's much stronger than it was twenty years ago.
205	Even though, statistically, teens are at greater risk for abusing marijuana, parents should n't feel helpless.
983	Kids need to hear how risky marijuana use can be.
278	One of the heartbreaking things for parents is they often do n't know where to go when their child is using drugs.
194	She was looking for an answer, the solution to fix her son and stop his behavior.
461	if I can slow him down, even a little, I am helping.
1176	These vulnerable years are when teens and tweens are exposed to drugs and alcohol, and parents ca n't let the normal turbulence and frustrations of raising teens interfere with their determination to keep their kids from risking their health.
670	Parents are often very distressed about their son/daughter 's drug use.
208	How do we help our children see the complete foolishness of their peers ' actions, so they do not continue this childish behavior?
218	Your kids are watching you, and are modeling themselves after you.
614	Parents are role models for their children so your views on alcohol, tobacco, and drugs can strongly influence the views of your child.
808	Kids imitate their parents.
1156	Put the alcohol away for a while, or quit the occasional drug use so that you can set a good example.
588	Lil Wayne himself admitted that he used to drink Sizzurp because he grew up idolizing other rappers who were using it.
1106	Be a role model When it comes to drugs there 's no such thing as ' do as I say, not as I do '.
1070	Kids really need role models as they grow up, and knowing that others have made it through the teenage years without trying drugs will help them a great deal.
742	It is important for the MLB and other sports organizations to work to provide good role models in a time when so many public figures are falling to drug and alcohol abuse.
217	research actually shows that teens look up to their parents for guidance much more often than we might think.
248	Be a Role Model and Set a Positive Example:
355	the best way to influence your child 's attitude is by role modeling your actions and statements that drug use is dangerous and not tolerated in your home.
830	parents need to lead by example,
237	Recent research has found that 2 out of 3 kids ages 13-17 say that losing their parents ' respect is one of the main reasons they do n't drink alcohol, smoke marijuana or use other drugs.
236	Recent scientific research has found that the longer an individual postpones the onset (first use) of alcohol, tobacco or other drug use, the less likely the individual is to develop an addiction or other lifelong problems, including depression.
555	The first step to recovery is to take an action.
257	"We can not simply sit back and hope that our kids will  get through it."""
849	Actions are more persuasive than words.
1129	Parents have no choice but to take matters into their own hands now, before it is too late.
1093	Be an active part of their lives
438	Like most parents, you 've probably been dealing with the symptoms (hair, dress, curfews, and contraband) , not the deeper problems (feelings, peer pressures, family dynamics, addiction)
349	if a child is taking drugs something is wrong.
270	Drug use is a symptom of other problems,
30	when we drug drugs, it enables society to deny the real problems in the world.
316	Using pot is dangerous and illegal.
317	Chances are, if you think that your child has been smoking pot, he or she probably has.
888	First off, 3rd grade (8-9 yrs old) is too young to talk about pot.
273	Pot is harmful to a teen in and of itself and is usually a gateway drug, leading to other drug use.
1192	Teens need to know that when they use pot, they can actually cause permanent damage to their brain.
314	Tell the other parent, I have learned from my daughter that your daughter may be using pot.
319	Back then, pot, as we used to call it, contained four percent THC, now it 's about eight and a half percent-which is still a significant increase.
460	My son smokes pot, and I hate that - but I do n't hate him.
886	there are a lot of drugs and chemicals out there
381	Prescription drug abuse has been steadily increasing, as well as inhalant abuse.
607	These potent drugs are causing growing concern for parents and law enforcement.
285	What can you say to kids before they ever start smoking?
764	Always throw in that his parents did n't want him to do it, or that his parents told him not to smoke.
390	Part of the problem is in the emulating of bad behaviors like smoking or drug use.
616	If you see a character on a billboard or on TV with a cigarette, talk about smoking, nicotine addiction, and what smoking does to a person 's body.
761	Do n't get into fights about it with your child-just keep your values clear.
191	Provide facts as well as your family values on their use.
216	How do our kids learn how to work hard, save their money, and stay away from drugs when so many child stars get swept away by a life of partying and drugs?
330	focus on how drugs affect kids ' values: their love of family, self-respect and the respect they get from others
220	Parents can show drug-free habits, and help their kids learn the importance of hard work, kindness, and a healthy lifestyle.
287	talking about values with your child is paramount.
454	We need to teach our kids about the satisfaction and excitement that comes from stretching ourselves and succeeding.
853	"if you put in the hard work as a parent,  you 'll give your kids a gift for the rest of their lives."""
793	Your kid is not equipped to make decisions about drugs.
552	If there is even the slightest chance your child might make a bad decision in a moment of weakness, you need to know what to do.
298	All the treatment centers in the world will not help unless the user has decided they are ready to quit.
467	We as parents need to stand up for those who ca n't make a decision on their own because of lack of maturity and basic facts.
844	Kids who are substance-free make that decision over and over again, every weekend,
931	Paraphrase what your child says to you, ask questions often and ask for your child 's input on family decisions.
921	Encourage choice, allowing kids many opportunities to become confident decision makers.
297	The only way someone will quit using drugs is if they decide to do it.
610	People today are beginning to see that while substance use might start as a decision to try something new, it quickly becomes an addiction that ca n't be controlled.
1182	when teens are under the influence of drugs and alcohol, their impaired judgment makes them particularly vulnerable to risky situations and poor decision-making
997	in cocaine addicts, the dopamine is kept from being recycled and large amounts of it build up in the brain, causing the high.
998	Cocaine addicts are more likely to be irritable without their high, and suffer from anxiety, paranoia, and hallucinations.
1000	Cocaine has many detrimental effects on the body, including headache, nausea, increased heart rate and blood pressure, decreased appetite, and problems with nosebleeds or with swallowing.
301	He lives with his mother (my ex-wife) , and she is a cocaine user who will not take him to treatment.
321	half of young people who are addicted to chemicals-alcohol, marijuana or other drugs-also have a co-occurring mental health disorder.
704	Medical research has shown clearly that this kind of drug use only exacerbates underlying psychological problems.
609	There has long been a view in the world that substance abuse is a choice, or a character flaw, not a mental illness.
322	Kids today experience enormous stress, and they crave, as we all do, peace and serenity.
941	Model for and talk with your kids about more healthy ways to deal with stress.
971	Studies show that adolescents who have n't tried drugs or alcohol are more likely to start during times of transition in order to cope with stress.
338	Your first role is to support and protect your child.
1037	Take advantage of what help is offered.
313	When it comes to keeping our children safe, always do whatever it takes to help each other out as parents.
204	Give your kids the tools to be safe and get out of dangerous situations.
333	Are you protecting your child from the natural consequences of their actions?
855	You are right to fight for his life.
471	There 's got to be a good balance between giving teens the space they need to explore their evolving independent identities AND giving them the parenting and protection they continue to need as kids.
978	the most important thing you can do to help your son or daughter is to commit to getting help and support for yourself!
473	Just because they know about sex/drugs when they 're 11 + does NOT mean they 're going to go out and do it.
522	Always give your child a choice-never put a kid in a corner without a way out.
419	Support groups are a great way for family members to meet and gain strength from other families who understand the struggles, fears, pains and yes, even the embarrassment of living with an addict.
582	When all support is cut off, a person has few choices.
1086	As part of the Safer Schoolies Initiative, a range of safety and support services will be provided at the key Schoolies destinations in Queensland.
1052	You are there to show him the way out.
367	A facility should provide follow-up services to give the recovering patient a support base when they move back into their lives.
1039	Saving a child is a family project.
852	Parenting is hard, and there are no shortcuts when trying to keep your kids safe from alcohol, tobacco and other drugs.
1072	There are many organizations and churches that offer drug treatment and support groups for addicts.
940	Help kids make an ongoing commitment to staying drug free.
664	Trust, but verify!
650	I wish that I had not been such a trusting parent and that I had really educated myself about the drug scene.
909	I can keep my kids off drugs and I can teach my kids to be honest.
1098	If you 're honest and clear about where you stand, your kids will find it easier to be honest with you.
621	By asking the questions in a nonjudgmental, open-ended way, you 're more likely to get an honest response.
1029	Be prepared to tell him honestly what you think his strengths really are.
490	Kids lie - either directly or by omission.
873	Be prepared for your teen to deny using drugs.
483	trust is important with kids and answering questions honestly but at a level that is appropriate for them.
875	Answering deceptively can cause you to lose credibility with your kids if they ever find out that you 've lied to them.
422	Family members should n't give in and enable their loved ones to continue in their addiction; rather, they must break the cycle, come together and get help - for themselves, and their family.
1056	Remember this to give yourself hope and encouragement.
343	As a mother i will never give up on my son.
699	Researchers have identified over 50 factors that might put someone at risk for drug use.
700	These risk factors can be found at the individual, the family, peer groups, and broader community levels.
363	One of the most dangerous risks with homemade drugs is that each batch can be made differently, with changes in ingredients and measurements.
1207	Keep your focus on the use of drugs.
84	Still other teens take antidepressants, sleep aids, or anti-anxiety medication without a prescription to help with these kinds of mental health issues.
394	Kids that have sort of gone through the motions of doing drugs are more likely to try it with real drugs someday.
405	teens are using household chemicals and products that do actually harm them or help them to get high.
507	We waited too long to seek professional counseling.
1211	Let the substance abuse counselor deal with your son s readiness to make changes.
1209	What you can do as a parent is try to force him to attend substance abuse counseling by using consequences.
802	Check with local schools, agencies, and information services for resources.
1208	The counselor will also encourage your son to imagine what a future life would be like without drugs.
961	One way for churches to engage with the surrounding community is through local schools.
964	We 've found it helps to work with the police too.
368	By working with counselors and staff to learn about oneself and taking accountability for the addiction, an individual can actually aid in the recovery process.
679	For Western Australians, the Parent Drug Information Service (PDIS) (08)&nbsp;94425050 or 1800&nbsp;198&nbsp;024 (toll free for WA country callers only) provides professional telephone counsellors 24 hours a day.
427	During the addict 's recovery from drugs or alcohol, counselors should meet with the entire family to help them all through this challenge.
1212	Substance abuse counselors use a technique called motivational interviewing.
397	Teens have a history of trying risky behavior,
1195	Teens today are faced with more temptations for things like drugs and alcohol, and other risky behavior like huffing.
398	Some of the latest risky teen behaviors take place with substances found in their own homes.
369	Pair that with lack of supervision because parents are working more, and you have teens trying all sorts of risky behavior to keep themselves busy.
136	Parents who are described by their adolescents as supportive, involved and understanding are much less likely to pursue risky behavior.
792	That might be any number of things, including shoplifting, defacing property, using drugs or drinking.
400	Immediate effects include euphoria, loss of coordination, hallucinations, and possibly seizure and brain damage.
399	Immediate effects of this kind of substance abuse include slurred speech, nausea, lack of coordination, and irritability.
401	Overdose is a very possible effect.
558	The first group is just looking for fun and excitement.
557	There are a couple of reasons why children will take drugs.
981	"Alcohol and drug  experimentation ' by teens is risky and can lead to serious trouble, including alcoholism and drug dependence."""
1183	Overall, more than one-third (35 percent) of teens say they use drugs.
411	About half of 10th-graders said they had used alcohol over the previous 12 months; about one in 4 (28 %) reported marijuana use
697	Fifty percent of young people have used an illegal drug by the time they leave high school.
406	It is also important for teachers, law enforcement, government, and parents to follow and be aware of what teens are up to, and how their drug and alcohol use is increasing or decreasing.
302	"careful cross-fertilization has progressively increased the content of THC to  more than ' 20 % in some varieties found today!"""
408	A more accurate way to look at adolescent drug abuse would be to study 5 or 10 year trends, which will tell if the increase or decrease is likely to have significant meaning in the long run.
378	According to the research, there were drops in tobacco, methamphetamine (from 2.3 % to 1.6 %) , cocaine (from 4.4 % to 3.4 %) , alcohol, and hallucinogen (from 5.9 % to 4.7 %) use among 8-12 th graders.
423	Parents will argue and fight with their drug-abusing child behind closed doors, but put on a good front when others are around.
1138	Conflict can become worse than when the kid was using because a kid with a clear head and armed with the knowledge that he is right and his parents are wrong is a powerful adversary.
770	The parents are not comfortable with their child becoming more independent and the adolescent is not comfortable dealing with his parent 's disapproval, so they fight.
767	Calling names does n't help-it just creates more bad feelings.
1101	Avoid conflict It 's difficult to solve a problem when there 's a conflict.
434	Family members also need help and counseling, to work through the problems that the addiction has caused in the family.
672	Rather look for opportunities to congratulate on their management of distress.
426	The ups and downs of recovery and relapse make family members unable to believe their loved one when they make promises because they do n't want to get hurt again.
428	withdrawing all support and even contact with a person who just wo n't turn around can produce some results.
432	loved ones have to come to a point where they need to withdraw their support.
433	Some people credit their family members who let them hit rock bottom for their eventual recovery.
1024	A featured speaker at the event was Brigitte Nielsen, who has struggled with alcoholism and the recovery from it.
1071	Alcoholics Anonymous and the 12 Steps were founded on the principle that we need to focus on and gain strength from a higher power to help us recover from our addiction.
1137	Kids new in recovery can feel very bold and begin confronting their parents relentlessly, much to their parents ' chagrin.
1136	Parents can become defensive and belligerent towards the newly-recovering child and everyone can end up feeling pretty lousy.
979	it is important to understand that change can take a long time and involves hard work on the part of everyone in the family.
583	With more treatment programs and better treatment options, more people are able to recover from alcoholism.
437	He spends hours in his room, uncommunicative.
634	Those feeling socially isolated for whatever reason may turn to drugs.
640	When censored in their own homes, kids go elsewhere to find support and answers to their most important questions.
1074	Someone with an addiction will often become more reserved and avoid family and close friends.
443	Some kids who use drugs are self-medicating.
705	Those young people who are trying to self-medicate must have help with their underlying problems.
1187	People self-medicate with emotional eating, they suffer alone with depression, and they abuse drugs and alcohol.
713	if you suspect your child is really trying to self-medicate, or if you suspect your child is using regularly or even is addicted, you need to get help right away from the professionals.
535	The drug dealers are getting kids addicted earlier and earlier.
360	Many illegal drugs that end up being sold to kids and addicts on the street come from these homemade labs throughout the world.
550	Drugs are everywhere and predatory dealers are looking for younger and younger customers, drug addiction parents need to be always on the look out for it.
364	It is estimated that more than 50 % of the time, the drug buyer is not getting the substance that they were told they were getting from a home-based lab.
450	The drama and risk of getting drugs, hiding them, using them, and maybe even selling them is its own kind of high.
942	Take time to explain everything to your kids before they are misinformed by a kid who is already using or trying to sell it to them.
1006	The bottom line is that there are many people out there that prey on young people, and are willing to illegally sell them drugs, or give them information that will cause them to experiment with drugs.
592	to have a licensed store sell candy to kids that depicts an illegal substance is just ignorant and irresponsible.
901	Kids steal anything and trade it for the pills.
572	It 's not the drug dealers that are killing our kids, it 's the drug-dealing doctors,
341	I do not approve of drug use and certainly not the selling of drugs to others
836	parents should set realistic expectations,
459	We ca n't ground them but we can still communicate our expectations, our philosophies, and catch them doing something right.
1143	It 's hard to expect our young people to keep on the straight path and stay away from all kinds of drugs when prescription painkiller abuse is so prevalent in all the age groups around them.
1219	they 're seeking a subculture that does n't expect anything else out of them, except that they get high.
840	The expectation is zero tolerance, but you both know it 's not going to be zero.
464	grandparents - get involved in a positive way in your grand children 's lives and help support their parents!
462	Grandchildren often confide in grandparents.
470	Kids are definitely exposed to abundant information on sex and drugs, but I am also optimistic that they learn at an early age to filter and ignore a lot of the junk they are hit with.
919	When watching TV, do some programs make drug use look acceptable, or do they show the consequences?
977	Harness the power of media and technology to reach your kids - Take Time to Text your teens today!
533	My sister watches over her, talks openly about alcohol, drugs, sex, and yet my niece still lies and drinks.
502	We have talked about sex, drugs and violence but she is into none of them and I feel that this because her mother and I have raised her to be trusting of us and to be respectful of herself and her mind.
564	Drug addiction is a disease of the body, mind and spirit, so there are many people who are trained to help.
904	Once a child become addicted it is almost impossible to get them help.
665	She wants to stay clean, but being an addict is difficult.
516	The primary relationship for addicts is the relationship with alcohol or drugs.
527	As a parent, you have the right to know what is being recorded about your child,
524	What happens in school is not confidential, and teachers are required to record observable behaviors of their students.
760	But each child is different, just like each adult is different, and there 's nothing you can do about that.
551	As it relates to drug addiction parents need to recognize that each child is an individual and that life experience for one may bear no resemblance to the experience of the other.
573	Kentucky has suffered in recent years from the trafficking of prescription medications from Florida pill mills.
575	Drug overdoses are the leading cause of death for some age groups in Kentucky.
574	Data show that 6.5 percent of all Kentuckians have abused prescription drugs, compared to the national average of 5 percent.
948	Some argue these sorts of drug policies help the kids too much, that there 's no accountability.
949	there is no statewide policy directing schools on punishment for drug use.
576	Reports released in the last year claim that all the laws, and law enforcement, and jail time for drugs have done little to stifle the growing illegal drug problem in our country.
1088	If they choose to drink alcohol, discuss being responsible.
1155	Parents need to remember that their main job is to raise healthy, productive children.
351	If you didnt want to be there for your child and help them rather than using weed as a scapegoat when times get tough perhaps you werent responsible enough to be a parent and should have kept your legs shut.
786	Your child should know that they have to have their plans Okayed by you first, and that they have to behave responsibly in order to earn the privilege of going out.
619	whenever you give a fever medication or an antibiotic to your child, you have the opportunity to discuss the benefits and the appropriate and responsible use of those drugs.
1034	They have also seen lots of parents who have abdicated their responsibility for their teens.
629	if you find out that someone drank or used drugs in your car while your son or daughter was behind the wheel, you may want to suspend driving privileges for 6 months.
157	but data from our local surveys indicates that kids are riding with others who have been drinking and they are sometimes driving themselves after drinking, even though most kids say they do n't.
627	Ages 13 to 17 Kids this age are likely to know other kids who use alcohol or drugs, and to have friends who drive.
1200	"Plan ahead by naming a  designated driver."""
354	You may also state that he does not have permission to use drugs in your vehicles and if they smell bad, he loses access to the cars for a period of time.
18	driving under the influence of alcohol or other drugs is very risky.
953	Not knowing whether any kids are alcoholics or some of them slip out the back door and drive home.
632	Some of the best kids can end up in trouble, even when they have made an effort to avoid it and even when they have been given the proper guidance from their parents.
1128	Despite efforts to educate our children about drugs the problem continues to escalate at an alarming rate,
712	If a child reaches the age of 20 without using alcohol, tobacco or marijuana, the probability is almost zero he or she will ever develop a serious drug problem.
635	certain groups of kids may be more likely to use drugs than others.
652	The world is a very changed place compared to when we grew up, and if kids are not exposed to anything they may not know about the real world.
1135	younger people are so much more aware of the seriousness of alcohol and drug abuse that they are more likely to get into intensive treatment, earlier than their parents ' generation.
499	many teens are less mature than we were,
708	Listen carefully to what your children are telling you about their lives and how they feel.
658	LISTEN TO YOUR CHILDREN they want to be heard.
803	Open a dialogue, ask questions and then listen to what your child has to say.
1095	Showing that you 're prepared and willing to listen will help your kids feel more comfortable about talking with you.
969	it is better to listen carefully to what is being said and try to understand the feelings behind it.
684	Rather than simply teaching listening skills, rehearse parent strategies and incorporate listening skills at that time.
683	The potent mix of fear, anger, anxiety and frustration along with feelings of loss of control is not conducive to active listening.
686	Parents may be encouraged to use reflective listening if they understand that this will help the young person take responsibility for their actions.
624	If you show your kids that you 're willing to discuss the topic and hear what they have to say, they might be more willing to come to you for help in the future.
967	Be a good listener.
1097	Listen to your kids
675	These goals should relate to their drug using child, other family members and themselves.
1210	Some of the specialized techniques are designed to help your son think of his current life goals and what gets in the way of reaching those goals, including drug use.
676	work with parents about what they would like more of. better grades at school, more financially secure, more peace of mind, more control over drug use)
662	I have found out that most teens need boundry 's and, goals to look forward too and try and help your teen discover there abillity to become young men/and women.
687	Supportive families have parents who, ' openly show affection, give their children praise and encouragement, maintain open communications, and do things with their children which both parents and kids enjoy.
688	A supportive environment makes the kids more receptive to monitoring, but it has to come earlier in the developmental span for it to have an effect.
682	Parents may also require support in developing and negotiating new boundaries, roles and responsibilities between themselves and their adolescent son/daughter.
689	Emotional support and monitoring appear to be key factors in reducing alcohol and other drug use and associated problem behaviours.
932	Talk with your child about how you as the parent can be supportive,
744	We do have to be afraid, but we do n't have to let that fear rule our lives.
200	Many families have little or no understanding of alcohol and drug abuse or addiction, and are scared and confused by it.
854	You are right to be scared.
745	adolescents often gravitate toward the very things you fear and dislike.
1053	Try to find ways to put aside your anger, fear, and disappointment.
671	They need their fears, anxieties and concerns to be fully heard.
1055	Let him know that the reason you are angry and afraid is that you care deeply about him.
444	It turned out that they were suffering from an untreated depression or a high level of anxiety.
1084	say the word ' drugs ' to any parent, and a shiver will pass through them.
796	Drugs can become a dangerous way for them to get relief from all their fears and anxieties.
797	Parents often fear that if they discuss a subject like sex or drugs with their child that will push them towards the behavior.
692	They need their fears, anxieties, frustrations and concerns to be fully heard.
307	Drugs are horrible and very scary.
695	Right at the top of virtually every parent 's concerns is the fear that their children might become involved with drugs.
721	Why do our laws make it incredibly difficult to be a parent?
694	parents will need to be genuinely interested in letting their son/daughter explore for themselves safety issues.
691	It is always useful to identify any differences in how parent (s) are coping with these issues.
794	drug rehabs today are filled with teenagers whose parents said, They re only experimenting when their kids first started using.
279	If it 's decided that your child should undergo treatment, there are both inpatient and outpatient programs your child can attend.
729	With adolescent use of illegal substances on the rise, parents are wise to be concerned about setting their children on a drug-free course.
1119	This program provides the true facts about drugs that impact a person 's decision to not take them.
637	If your child 's school runs an anti-drug program, get involved.
741	Their new program BASE (Be a Superior Example) will educate young people about the dangers of drugs.
598	If your teen is in need of teen drug rehab, call The Canyon at our toll-free number.
291	Doing an after rehab program, or even 28 day program is not sufficient at all.
1036	There may be a substance abuse program connected to the school.
966	We 've found courses are much more successful when parents sign up of their own accord.
735	Drug Detox Is Less Likely for Kids Whose Parents Talk to Them
738	get them into drug detox and rehab fast if it continues.
737	They need graphic representations of what drugs and alcohol do to the body and mind, videos of people talking about life before drug detox and rehab, and life after.
755	Every year, younger and younger children can get drugs and alcohol.
890	i 'd be more concerned about what is actually readily available in stores as a commom product.
1206	Addicts with no source of income find ways to get drugs.
602	Most kids can open up their parents ' bathroom cabinet and have their choice of drugs.
899	"Living in a small town does not necessarily equal safety and  no drugs"""
1003	Kids today have more access to drugs through technology than ever before.
226	teens find it easy to gain access to their choice of drugs in family members ' medicine cabinets, or buying them from friends.
1082	These drug dealers and addicts have found an easy way to get their hands on a large number of pills, either to support their own addiction, or to sell for a profit to others.
748	The downside to that is that in our culture today, adolescents have access to very dangerous things-like drugs and alcohol-to a much greater degree than teens did 50 years ago.
128	Holidays, in general, tend to provide more of an opportunity for minors to drink because it 's more accessible and available to them,
766	As parents, sometimes we think that somehow we have to hurt our kids in order for the behavior to stop.
769	But saying hurtful things just takes away any influence you might have had on your child 's drug use.
768	just because you have the power to say something does n't mean you should say it.
756	Understand that any criticism you give to the way your daughter dresses or uses makeup, or your son 's taste in music, only emboldens them further.
777	it s important for parents to understand that rebelliousness has a developmental function.
496	The more your teen protests and gets angry and defensive, the bigger the problem.
752	It 's an age where he 's actively looking for reasons to reject adults.
776	When you see an adolescent, believe me, he 's probably rebelling against adult authority in a lot of little ways.
746	Resisting authority makes him feel like an individual because he 's reaffirming who he is by resisting an outside influence.
750	All of these things factor into his readiness to test you, push the limits, and discard the opinions and insights of adults.
780	if you criticize their friends, you will see them react very strongly.
782	Realize that criticizing your child s friends is like criticizing an aspect of your child.
783	State what you do n't like about their friends behavior.
1013	With all the exposure to drugs that many teens face, it 's not surprising that adolescent drug abuse is such a problem.
785	With a lot of adolescents, defiance becomes a big problem.
772	The use of drugs and alcohol in adolescence inhibits the possibility of these milestones being reached.
884	I used it as an opportunity to point out the down side of drugs, using my own first-hand hippie-girl experience.
798	The key here is for you to value parental experience and knowledge and to model the type of behaviour you will expect parents to use with their children.
851	Incorporate religious and spiritual practices into family life.
1073	Many people struggling with substance abuse can benefit greatly from the Bible study, the commonality of others of the same faith, and the strength and the hope that is given at Christian drug rehab.
859	Ecstasy also causes increased heart rate, blurred vision, and sometimes seizures.
864	Ecstasy is MDMA, a mind-altering drug that is popular among teens and those that frequent nightclubs and raves.
954	School officials stress, very few kids have problems with drugs and alcohol, casual use and otherwise.
950	most parents we talked to said their children have issues with neither drugs nor alcohol.
1063	Problem solving, memory, concentration and perception may all show the effects.
1058	See if he will engage with you around solving the problem.
303	Make a call to the persons supervisor, ask that person for suggestions, call the Judge, leave messages with the social workers filling them in on what your child is up to, communicate with them whether you want to or not.
710	In a small percentage of cases, parents can work with their own kids to get them to stop using drugs.
1030	Work behind the scenes and get someone else to call him with an offer or an idea.
1094	Set aside time to spend with your kids.
1092	Spending time as a family is important, like eating together every day.
1197	Continue to spend time with your child and get to know the people they are hanging out with, to ensure they are staying clean.
1123	Narconon utilizes the drug-free method developed by American author and humanitarian L. Ron Hubbard.
1124	Narconon 's drug education program is effective in teaching students about the adverse consequences of drug abuse and has a very positive influence on the attitude of the students toward drugs.
1165	The campaign offers employers an easy way to provide free youth drug prevention resources to parents at work.
1170	Asian language initiative booklet Written in both English and several Asian languages, this booklet provides parents with information on why young people use inhalants, what household items can be used as inhalants, the symptoms of inhalant use, slang terms for inhalants, the dangers of inhalants, and how to prevent inhalant use.
1167	This brochure for parents and caregivers provides information on becoming familiar with illicit drugs available today, talking with kids about drugs and alcohol, identifying the signs of drug and alcohol use, and intervening now if a child is in trouble.
1169	This booklet provides tips on the warning signs that your child could be using ecstasy and reminds of the tools you possess as a parent to keep your child drug free.
1168	Provide factual information about the issues involved in the underage use of alcohol that can be disseminated through your prevention activities and help inform your audiences.
59	One in 12 teens reported having a substance abuse disorder, meaning their drug or alcohol use led to increased problems in the rest of their lives.
534	Many kids at his school in Utah are substance abusers and many are there subsidized by the state if they have IEPs from school districts.
512	He considers alcohol to be the number one risk for teens and pre-teens when it comes to substance abuse.
839	experts at the conference stressed the folly of parents trying to be friends with their children.
505	I think too often we parents are making our children think we are their friends, instead of their parents.
1178	"PATS found 36 percent of parents with kids in grades 6th-8th agree  it is very important to me that my child consider me a friend ' compared to 20 percent of parents with children in 4th-5th grades."""
843	If you 're a popular parent, you 're doing something wrong.
1019	Kids will try to hide the smell of chemicals or smoke by using air fresheners, incense, or mouthwashes.
669	We have always had open family discussions about any type of drug, also being respectful, responsible and productive, he still has this obsession with marijuana.
1133	Drugs are making our world fall apart.
1033	Get engaged with the school.
891	Our culture gives huge double messages about drug use and pleasure, as do most of us as parents.
306	if they are using drugs.
418	Kids who report learning about the risks of drugs and alcohol from their parents are half as likely to try them,
911	There is more drugs in the school systems than people want to admit.
271	No one forces anybody to use drugs or drink alcohol.
1134	Kids can maintain their sobriety and their sanity, even if their parents keep using,
753	"I think it 's a mistake to tell kids that  The answers are inside you-you just have to search for them."""
1090	Simple tips for you to share include limiting drinks, know their strength, have water between drinks, eat something, and know that only time will make you sober.
476	The trends are the Choking Game, binge drinking (5 or more drinks in a row) , huffing dust-off, Triple C (Corociden Cough and Cold-over the counter meds/prescriptions stolen from mom/dad cabinets) , and cutting.
1031	Let your son know that sometimes people get involved with illegal drugs because there is something legitimate going on.
491	Boarding school is not the answer.
504	"Now, not only am I not in  denial ' about my child, she has an excuse NOT to use!"""
696	Drugs are an equal opportunity destroyer.
1061	The majority of crimes that are committed are drug-related.
962	Any child is vulnerable to drugs, regardless of whether they have a good education, or come from an affluent background.
1042	You will therefore never get off his back about drugs.
814	Drinking starts as early as grade school in Utah.
1130	Ultimately the solution to America 's drug problem will be found at the grass roots level in neighborhoods and communities throughout the nation.
956	Omaha School District 66 used drug sniffing dogs last year to find contra band.
722	Raising Drug-Free Kids provides worried parents with a wide range of practical and helpful strategies to create a healthy environment for kids of all ages, which will serve to immunize them against the temptations of illegal drug use for the rest of their lives.
674	Ask parents to define problems associated with drug use rather than simply focusing on drug use itself.
895	Is there a drug problem ... YES,
477	My attempts at keeping my children drug/alcohol free are regularly thwarted by teachers, counselors, law enforcement, parents, and other teens.
365	Some facilities are gender or age-specific, which might be particularly helpful to adolescents or females who might feel more comfortable in a setting with their peers.
762	I think parents need to plan their response to certain behaviors and actions before their kids undertake them.
960	Whether a person decides to use alcohol or drugs is a choice, influenced by their environment - peers, family, and availability.
1018	Teens will become more private, especially about their belongings and bedroom.
673	Often only one parent will make the initial contact.
965	Even if the children are receiving drugs education from the police, their parents wo n't be.
740	the MLB Hall of Fame has announced that they will start promoting a healthy lifestyle among young people.
955	Drug and narcotic violations are also on pace.
933	Do n't offer advice in response to every statement your child makes.
129	Young people need to understand the dangers of underage drinking, binge drinking, and of drinking and driving.
1203	It s best not to ignore family patterns of substance abuse.
312	Adolescent drug users are masters at switching the subject and making their drug use YOUR problem
1205	"The most recent  bust ' (this is me finding it, not the cops) included not only pot, but anti-depressants, which really scares me."""

====================== 1030_gold_opti.txt.xml ======================
0	Swats will be given and witnessed by certified personnel in a school office, room, or other place out of the presence of other students.
2	The swats will be given with reasonable force by a wooden paddle on the buttocks of the student.
1	No more than 3 swats will be given in a school day.
80	It is the means of corporal punishment - caning, beating, slapping, strapping and so on - which seem to draw the most attention.
426	"These beatings or  paddlings '' can occur for reasons well beyond correcting bad behavior."""
399	Schools often use a wooden or fiberglass paddle for their spankings.
151	corporal punishment must be reasonable and must not be excessive.
3	A discipline form will be signed by the person administering the swat (s) , the witness, the student, and will be sent home for the parent/guardian to sign and return to the office.
153	school district officials are immune from liability for administering corporal punishment, as long as the discipline was not excessive.
398	Students at the school are spanked only by Dixson or the assistant principal, and there is always a witness.
335	students can choose among corporal punishment, having their parents shadow them through a full school day, night school or outright suspension.
491	Paddling without Parental Consent
6	Pupils should be given a copy of the complaints procedure in appropriate and accessible language, and the procedure should be published for example on notice boards, posters, inclusion in the school newsletter, inclusion in the home-school agreement or inclusion in homework diaries.
11	Where complaints concern an existing school policy, such as pupil behaviour and discipline: Resolution should be sought using the remedies set out in these policies.
7	The complaints procedure will need to address the issue of how pupils should be supported.
10	The effective hearing and resolution of complaints is a participatory process.
9	No one should be subject to any reprisal, or less favourable treatment than others, because they have made a complaint.
15	The removal of corporal punishment and the elimination of other dehumanising practices in our schools are necessary steps towards the development of a culture of human rights in our country.
449	Older children should be disciplined the way adults would be disciplined by a judge.
269	Children were caned for such trivial offences as not knowing history dates, or misspelling words
4	Results indicate that corporal punishment is not used or is prohibited by specific bans in all U.S. Diocesan Catholic Schools.
105	In no case shall the school administrator, teacher or individual engaged in child care exercising special parental authority inflict corporal punishment upon the child.
228	Various court rulings have noted that corporal punishment in schools is an issue that can be resolved by state law and/or local district policies.
75	The State of Ohio is considering banning corporal punishment in schools.
451	our culture has not evolved sufficiently to respect the rights of children.
23	practical strategies for discipline are given which do not include corporal punishment.
107	During the teaching and educational process, the child has the right to be treated with respect by the teachers, to be informed on his or her rights, as well as on the methods of exercising these rights.
77	Report on Physical Punishment in the United States is a peer-reviewed research report on the effects of corporal punishment in our schools.
114	Learners should be protected from abuse by adults or other learners.
76	In North Carolina a bill requiring parents to sign a permission slip before administering corporal punishment is under consideration.
111	[n] o person shall administer corporal punishment, or subject a student to psychological or physical abuse at any educational institution
186	Most leading professional associations oppose corporal punishment in all its forms.
224	The use of corporal punishment in schools promotes a very precarious message-that violence is an acceptable phenomenon in our society.
248	Until corporal punishment has been banned, institute a regular statistical review process to ensure that minorities do not receive corporal punishment at disproportionate rates.
19	Be serious and consistent about the implementation of the rules
22	Allow learners to take responsibility
30	It is essential that you keep evaluating its effectiveness by checking the responses of learners, parents and teachers and of course, monitoring its impact.
20	Know your learners and focus on relationship building
21	Manage the learning process and the learning environment enthusiastically and professionally
557	Good teaching, strong administrative leadership and long-term, school-wide planning and programs are required.
566	School Watch programs, where students are able to report incidents anonymously, may encourage students to report incidents.
56	Features that reduce the incidents of inappropriate behaviour and lead to improvement include: clear and efficient organisation of activities in groups, with sessions which are well timed and well spaced; mutual respect and well-established work habits through effective teamwork and clear routines; timely intervention by staff to prevent escalating poor behaviour; where necessary, constant monitoring of pupils ' welfare, comfort and positioning to maximise involvement and reduce disruption; regular feedback to individual pupils about their learning and behaviour to maintain concentration and keep them on track;
41	Features that reduce inappropriate behaviour include: clear and efficient organisation of activities and groups; fair and clear exercise of authority; effective support for pupils by the teacher or other adults; mutual respect and properly established work habits; an emphasis on self-discipline and mature behaviour;
55	In schools where pupils have emotional, social and behavioural difficulties, regular and prompt reminders about individual targets for improving behaviour will be threaded throughout the teaching and behaviour reviewed and perhaps rewarded (or not) at the end of a lesson.
327	We need to keep fighting and all violence out of our schools.
36	Working with behavioural difficulties should be done in partnership with parents/carers
44	Schools must have a written behaviour policy.
134	Mentioning punishment is n't necessarily a bad thing.
762	The narrow focus on violence negates the more pervasive problems of peer pressure, bullying, family, learning, and mental health problems.
502	Many schools deferred to local law entirely and did not publish other policies that were unique to the school.
501	only 26 (22 %) had a published policy that addressed gambling.
610	Typical offences were disobedience, fighting, stealing from a shop, truanting, using bad language, bad work and persistent inattention, filthiness and bullying.
65	A policy that will work in one district, may not be as effective in another district.
601	There is emerging research that suggests that no one policy choice is best for all schools.
226	There is much that can be done at local and state levels to advocate the ban of corporal punishment in schools.
71	Advocates for the retention of corporal punishment claim it is an effective deterrent in the class room.
336	We always talk to the child before the punishment, make sure they understand why it s happening, and then talk to them again afterward.
183	Religion also plays a role in the history of disciplining children by spanking or hitting them.
287	Not only is it fast and effective, but it backs up their limits when their boundaries are crossed.
338	The Center for Effective Discipline, which includes 47 Ohio organizations, has collected data and research regarding the use of corporal punishment in Ohio 's schools, and has urged lawmakers to address this issue for over 20 years.
74	Disciplinary codes are ineffective.
13	Many educators have found themselves in a position of not knowing what to do in the absence of corporal punishment.
312	We need to protect kids from bullies and we need to preserve students ' due process rights.
313	administrators and families should get the police involved so that law enforcement can help remedy violent situations in schools and protect the innocent.
595	Schwartz (1997) has suggested that schools need a safety committee and coordinator.
364	Reasonable force that is necessary to protect oneself or others is not considered corporal punishment.
157	Physical force or constraint by a school official may be required in a limited number of carefully selected circumstances to protect students and staff from physical injury, to disarm a student, or to prevent property damage.
118	Educators have full authority and responsibility to correct the behaviour of learners whenever such correction is necessary at the school.
765	It is the responsibility of the school to determine incidents that may require disciplinary action and the nature of any penalties that may apply.
117	Every educator is responsible for discipline at all times at the school and at school related activities.
135	The discipline and control of students shall be the responsibility of the principal, the administrators, and the teachers.
416	The class teacher will have the major responsibility for disciplining children in his/her care but all teachers in the school share a corporate responsibility for the discipline of all children.
629	Periodic locker inspections will be held, and unauthorized items will be removed.
136	The supervision and control of students should be maintained during the period while the student is in school, participating in extra-curricular or school sponsored activities, and while he/she is going to or coming from school.
630	Search of lockers will be done if it is believed that dangerous or unlawful items are in the lockers.
307	A school board may readmit or enroll a student suspended for an act of school violence only after a conference has been held to review the conduct that resulted in the suspension or expulsion.
710	Board policies shall not allow students to be longterm suspended or expelled from school solely for truancy or tardiness offenses and shall not allow shortterm suspension of more than two days for such offenses.
89	The Board can resolve this issue by the simple act of voting to terminate its present policy.
730	Upon recommendation of the superintendent, a local board of education may expel any student 14 years of age or older whose continued presence in school constitutes a clear threat to the safety of other students or school staff.
684	The School Board recognizes the necessity for reasonable control and discipline over the conduct of pupils under its jurisdiction.
795	the Board of Education does not approve of the administration of corporal punishment to students.
623	The superintendent is directed to report annually to the board on the system 's compliance with laws and policies related to student wellness.
308	State statute requires all public school boards, as part of the district 's written discipline policy, to include a statement on the use of corporal punishment within the district.
703	Notwithstanding any law to the contrary, any local board may refuse to admit any student who is suspended or expelled from a charter school due to actions that would lead to suspension or expulsion from a public school
709	Board policies shall not impose mandatory longterm suspensions or expulsions for specific violations unless otherwise provided in State or federal law.
668	The disciplinary action taken by the teacher shall be in accordance with such regulations and procedures established by the Board.
137	Employees shall also be informed that the School Board demands compliance with both the word and intent of the law.
722	superintendent or board shall adopt the hearing officer 's or panel 's factual determinations unless they are not supported by substantial evidence in the record.
711	Each local board of education shall determine whether corporal punishment will be permitted in its school administrative unit.
708	Local boards of education shall adopt policies to govern the conduct of students and establish procedures to be followed by school officials in disciplining students.
542	The introduction of automatic suspensions/expulsions for serious offenses in schools has generated considerable debate in Canada and elsewhere.
531	Zero-tolerance is good for some students and not for others, depending upon family factors and individual circumstances.
193	Assuming there will also be a chat room for the students to talk in, abuse of said chat room would result in an hour/day/week / whatever of probation, during which they could not parcipate in the chat room discussions.
169	repeated offenders could lose their chatting privledges permenantly.
223	The lack of parental involvement in the education of their children is cited by teachers as one of the major causes of current classroom disciplinary difficulty
385	Parents, policy makers, and education officials agree that schools should provide safe and nurturing environments for all students and teachers.
526	the local neighbourhood, parent attitudes, school staff norms and the students themselves all mix together to establish a context that may require choice from among three alternatives: universal, selected or intensive response.
171	Among parents with minor children at home, 50 percent report that they sometimes spank their child, while 45 percent do not.
384	parents should be strongly encouraged to develop alternative and positive approaches to discipline
419	Parental Consultation will come at an early stage if and when it becomes obvious that the child 's behaviour problem persists.
225	The input of parents and students into such policies is critical to its overall success.
570	parents of children with and without behaviour problems reported equal levels of support that they provided to their children.
569	programs to involve parents in reinforcing behavioural messages can reduce the number of problems.
664	Parent required to attend 4 hour parenting course
665	15 Hours Community Service to be completed within one month
182	corporal punishment is still legal in southern and western states east of the Rockies.
340	Current law allows school district boards of education to adopt a policy allowing corporal punishment after the school board and community study the issue.
393	Florida is one of 19 states, mostly in the South and Mountain West, that still allow public schools to paddle,
497	AL, AZ, AR, CO, FL, GA, ID, IN, KS, KY, LA, MO, MS, NC, OK, SC, TN, TX, and WY are the 19 U.S. States that allow disciplinary beating of schoolchildren in taxpayer funded schools in 2012!
179	Corporal punishment is still legal in twenty states.
441	in twenty states, corporal punishment is still a legal and accepted form of discipline by teachers and school administrators.
175	Spanking in schools is currently allowed in 23 states
439	"Norway 's law allows a  light '' tap only."""
212	30 states continue to authorize corporal punishment in their schools.
394	Most Florida school districts have opted out of using corporal punishment, but almost every county in the state 's rural North has policies that allow schools to paddle students.
616	North Carolina permits the use of corporal punishment in public schools.
86	corporal punishment was administered in only nine of Union County s 34 schools during the 2003-2004 school year
446	Corporal punishment in schools remains legal in 22 states,
329	Many teachers found the regulations too restrictive and actively but unsuccessfully campaigned to extend the freedom of teachers in the area of corporal punishment.
427	Every 20 seconds of the school day, a child is beaten by an educator.
748	Although corporal punishment is no longer tolerated in the military, prisons, or mental institutions, 21 states still allow corporal punishment in full or in part according to the U.S. Department of Education.
429	students in the 20 states where paddling is legal in schools are often denied this fundamental right.
498	Tennessee State Law does NOT require parental consent or notification for children to be hit with thick wooden paddles by school teachers, coaches and administrators in schools?
464	"present the defence of  reasonable chastisement '' remains in common law."""
280	Thirteen of our states are using the method of physical punishment in our schools today.
361	During the 2010-2011 school year, American Indian students, who account for less than two percent of the student population statewide, received more than one-third of all corporal punishment in North Carolina public schools.
180	While corporal punishment such as paddling, spanking and hitting students disappeared from private schools by the 1960s, it is still permitted in public schools in 20 states.
475	"The criminal defence of  reasonable chastisement '' used by way of correction, exists (or has existed) in many countries."""
258	Students using blogs are expected to treat blogspaces as classroom spaces.
259	Speech that is inappropriate for class is not appropriate for your blog.
292	Whether someone believes that corporal punishment will prevent the spoiling of a child or cause them severe emotional harm, they both have one thing in mind and that is the best interest for the child.
360	To date, neither the Department of Public Instruction nor the State Board of Education has taken a formal stance on the use of corporal punishment in public schools.
478	Legislation in Queensland and South Australia does not explicitly state that corporal punishment is banned in schools.
635	Possession or use of narcotics or alcohol.
506	any U.S. college that does not maintain a drug and alcohol education program risks losing all of its federal funding.
378	Courts will not usually interfere with the way a school disciplines or punishes its students.
653	Failure to appear when summoned to Truancy Court will result in the parent (s) warrant for arrest.
565	Teen courts, where students are involved in school discipline teams, may be one answer
654	All parents of children summoned to Truancy Court will be charged court costs of $ 25.
310	several courts have determined that the district policy may also apply to student behavior off school grounds that directly interferes with the operation of the school or endangers the safety of other students or staff.
411	BETWEEN THE CHILD AND THE GENERAL AUTHORITY OF THE SCHOOL.
319	As a policy, students ARE NOT PERMITTED to present evidence about their guilt or innocence.
520	Governments have responded to increased concern with new laws and regulations requiring schools to establish zero-tolerance policies, school codes of conduct, school-wide plans to prevent violence and special measures to ensure that students with behavioural disorders are managed properly.
354	policies must consider special needs for students entitled to special consideration under the Individuals with Disabilities Educational Act.
325	blanket policies on discipline and punishment in schools are rarely a good ideas.
322	No-fault punishment schemes for school discipline are one area that needs reform NOW.
544	schools with lower rates of crime were less likely to use zero-tolerance policies.
510	The absence of evidence-based policy leaves school administrators in a position of promulgating policy that might have effects that are contrary to their intentions.
511	Although the Internet provides an excellent opportunity for schools to reach technology-savvy students and parents, individuals seeking policy information on the Web are likely to face disorganization and user-unfriendly designs.
482	such policies may result in increased disciplinary problems and dropouts in middle and high schools.
373	Schools have the power to enforce these rules by using discipline or punishment.
667	Each teacher may take disciplinary action to correct a pupil who disrupts normal classroom activities, who is disrespectful to a teacher, who willfully disobeys a teacher, who uses abusive or foul language directed at a teacher or another pupil, who violates school rules, or who interferes with an orderly education process.
612	Northampton County Schools does have a policy concerning corporal punishment.
591	Comprehensive anti-bullying and anti-violence programs have also been demonstrated to be effective.
638	The school district shall take appropriate action in response to a report following an investigation of any alleged bullying, intimidation, threatening behavior, harassment, or hazing of a student.
560	Day et al (1995) conducted a survey of Canadian school board policies.
561	One-third (30 %) used a behavioural expectations approach,
562	Special Policies for Students With Behaviour Disorders
563	Recently, the federal government in the U.S. has passed a law stating that all schools receiving federal funds for students with disabilities are required to implemented PBS and FBA procedures.
680	Discipline of students with disabilities shall be in accordance with policy JDF, Discipline of Students With Disabilities.
704	disability status of each student, the duration of suspension for each student, whether alternative education was considered or services were provided for each student, and whether a student had multiple suspensions in that academic year.
581	We also look for policies that have been adapted to meet the needs of students with behavioural disorders and students who are at high risk of offending.
575	Research into the relationship between the characteristics of the school - (urban, suburban, rural, SES, etc.) and the appropriateness of sanctions and specific school rules should be conducted.
584	Research needs to determine if violence is a step-by-step continuum or if there is a direct pathway to serious offenses.
573	Research should be conducted into the prevalence of use of in-school suspensions.
593	Research into different contexts and different types of schools (urban, rural, suburban, etc.) needs to be done to validate emerging hypotheses that differentiation of policy/program resources should be done.
592	There is a shocking absence of descriptive or evaluative research on the role of students, parents, other agencies and ministries, the police and law enforcement ministries, the role of senior school district administrators/trustees, education ministries.
574	Research into the differentiation of policy/program responses to non-serious and serious offenses should be done.
600	More research is required on how schools can work effectively with social services, and juvenile court personnel in regards to the role of the school in diversion, alternative and reintegration plans.
580	Alternate schools were often a big part of these programs.
578	alternate schools for troubled youth can be effective if they are adequately supported.
589	Effective programs provide anger and impulse control training, psychological counseling, effective academic and remedial instruction, vocational training, active family involvement, guidance and ongoing support when the student returns to regular school.
587	Restitution is Effective Gottfredson et al (1996) reviewed several school and community-based restitution programs and concluded that this approach was effective in correcting the behaviours of young offenders.
597	Gluckman (1996) suggests that dress codes can reduce gang activity in the school.
598	Despite the mixed evidence, school uniforms and dress codes appear to be making a comeback.
625	Students are responsible for completing all work missed during absences.
626	Students missing school as a result of any suspension shall be counted absent and shall be given failing grades in those subjects for the days missed with no make-up work allowed.
676	Should the principal fail to act on any report of misconduct or school violation, he/she shall explain the reasons for doing so to the Superintendent or designee and to the teacher or school employee reporting the violation.
672	In any case where a teacher, principal, or other school employee is authorized to require the parent, tutor, or legal guardian of a pupil to attend a conference or meeting regarding the pupil 's behavior, and after notice, the parent, tutor, or legal guardian willfully refuses to attend, the principal, or his designee, shall file a complaint, in accordance with statutory provisions, with a court exercising juvenile jurisdiction.
666	Principals shall have both the authority and the duty to take disciplinary action whenever the behavior of any pupil (s) materially interferes with or substantially disrupts the maintenance of a proper atmosphere for learning within the classroom or other parts of the school.
674	Any teacher or other school employee may report to the principal any pupil who acts in a disorderly manner or is in violation of school rules, or any misconduct or violation of school rules by a pupil who mayor may not be known to the teacher or employee.
681	The principal and other appropriate personnel shall be required to file written documentation of all suspensions.
670	If removed, the student shall not receive credit for school work missed.
675	The principal shall review and act upon such information submitted, to determine if suspension or other disciplinary action is necessary.
669	A pupil may be imn1ediately removed from a classroom by the teacher and placed in the custody of the principal or designee if the pupil 's behavior prevents the orderly instruction of other pupils, poses an intermediate threat to the safety of pupils or the teacher, or when a pupil exhibits disrespectful or threatening behavior toward a teacher.
671	Whenever a pupil is formally accused of battery of a school employee, the pupil, in addition to any other discipline given, shall be immediately suspended by the principal, with the necessary procedures to follow as soon as possible.
682	principal shall file copies of his/her report with the Superintendent, other appropriate personnel and the parent or guardian and retain a copy for his/her records.
757	Teachers do not punish children with reading and then expect them to develop a joy for reading.
691	A copy of this resolution and policy on the use of corporal punishment shall be distributed to parents and students and shall become a part of the discipline policy handbook.
17	Punishment is based on the belief that if children are made to suffer for doing wrong, they will not repeat their inappropriate behaviour.
701	Punishing children when they do wrong seems to be one important way of doing this.
606	Bad behaviour had to be punished and a record was kept in the school 's punishment book.
758	when teachers convert into punishment the same activity which they are trying to have students interpret as valuable to their lifelong health, all positive educational and logical principles have been abandoned.
274	Another parent complained in 1977 that there was no right of appeal against corporal punishment, which was a form of violence no longer used in prisons.
347	These restrictions were in response to changes in accepted educational theory and practice, and protests from parents about excesses in the administration of corporal punishment.
62	An illegal search and seizure could cost the school a lot of money,
556	Horner et al (2000) suggest that schools should identify, define, teach and support a small set of expected behaviours rather than presenting students with a laundry list of unacceptable behaviours.
519	Fifteen per cent of those crimes occurred on school property
673	Notice '' of the conference, specifying the time and date of the conference, shall be given by contacting the parent, tutor, or legal guardian by telephone at the telephone number shown on the pupil 's registration card or by sending a certified letter to the address shown on the pupil 's registration card.
321	The existence of school surveillance cameras, as were present in the case of Rachel Davis, SHOULD be considered by school officials in determining the appropriate disciplinary course of action to follow with involved students.
787	Teachers will tell you that some of these kids come to kindergarten far behind other students simply because they are not given the same intellectual stimulation.
349	corporal punishment could not be used for failure or inability to learn.
168	Abuse of the PM system would result in PM probation for a given amount of time.
786	Bring back caning the backs of the mess ups - let them be known everywhere they go as the ones with stripes and let them wear them proudly and publically so others may know they are stubborn and dedicated to not learning anything.
412	BETWEEN THE CHILD AND HIS/HER SCHOOLWORK OR HOMEWORK.
380	The purpose of this policy is to describe limitation on corporal punishment of students.
551	Zero-tolerance was not discussed.
278	Queensland was the only State that specifically excluded the first two years of schooling,
659	This bill limits the sale of certain beverages and foods in public elementary and secondary schools during specified time periods.
512	Crime Prevention in Schools.
288	Many parents who use this type of punishment in their homes actually prefer it to be utilized at school.

====================== 1035_gold_opti.txt.xml ======================
2	Depression is n't just bad moods and occasional melancholy.
34	There is no single reason why people get depressed.
132	Depression is more than sadness.
20	Remember, kids who are depressed may see the world very negatively because their experiences are shaped by their depression.
122	Without treatment, an episode can last six months or longer.
18	Depression is the most common mental health problem in the United States.
4	Types of depression include: major depression, dysthymia, adjustment disorder with depressed mood, seasonal affective disorder, and bipolar disorder or manic depression.
11	Kids and teens who are depressed are more likely to use alcohol and drugs than those who are n't depressed.
14	If you 're struggling with guilt, frustration, or anger, consider counseling for yourself.
54	ADHD kids need extra assistance in many of the areas that people with depression find difficult to do themselves.
87	Teach your child it 's okay to ask for help when they need it.
77	I feel good telling my story because I like helping other people.
136	in order to rescue your child from cognitive depression, you have to help him understand that the way he is thinking is what is actually causing him to be depressed.
29	If you think you have depression or you just have sadness that simply will not go away, it is important to talk to an adult about it (a parent, relative, doctor, teacher, counselor, coach, or close adult friend) so this person can help you.
119	If you are worried about your child 's behavior it is best to take them for an evaluation.
57	Family counseling is not just for troubled families.
16	Offer your love and support and remind your child that you 're there and want to hear what he or she has to say, even if it is n't pleasant.
59	Kids need parents and family friends who can model finding positive aspects to the situation.
113	Positive reinforcement tends to encourage more of the desired behavior.
84	Give your child time to grieve,
112	Expect the best of them until you are proven wrong
58	Parents need to practice finding silver linings whenever and wherever they can.
81	continue to communicate your love and support - through your words, actions, your commitment.
42	You feel better when someone knows what you 're going through.
78	Having a support system is vitally important.
110	Kids work well for people who work alongside them.
114	You already know what works best with your upset child.
21	Anxiety and depression-which often go hand-in-hand-may start off in one situation and gradually bleed into other aspects of life, leading at worst to extreme behaviors ranging from tantrums to attempted suicide.
96	Sullen and hostile moods often are covers for fear.
80	being a parent is the most challenging job in the world.
19	Even when major disappointments and setbacks make people feel sad and angry, the negative feelings usually lessen with time.
107	depression tends to precede social difficulty,
123	Depression can interfere with school.
24	Ignoring feelings of anxiety and depression can cause the feelings to deepen and ultimately lead to social and academic failure.
37	Becoming depressed is never the person 's fault.
141	depression is not your fault.
41	Depression among youth is on the rise and as they go through the growth and change processes of adolescence where everything is new and strange, they may not realize the difference between depression and the more normal aspects of emotional changes associated with growing
128	With young people depression can co-occur with other diagnoses.
55	Siblings should not be expected always to include their disabled brother or sister in their play with others.
68	children with learning disabilities have higher rates of depression than their non-LD peers.
73	Cassandra was in the seventh grade when she first experienced major depression.
76	When I was depressed, I did n't think I was going to make it.
79	In an attempt to reduce her pain, Cassandra started cutting.
75	Cassandra learned an approach called dialectical behavioral therapy (DBT)
74	To everyone else though, she continued to appear well adjusted.
99	Keep lines of communication with your child open so that you can talk about their relationships.
135	most parents are surprised at how much information their children will share if they are only asked.
129	Parents and their kids need to sit down and talk about how they feel.
130	Discuss the symptoms of depression in an age appropriate manner.
82	Reassure your child that depression is not something to be ashamed of nor is he crazy.
83	By being honest with them we allow them to work through the pain.
140	Being honest with the child, listening, and explaining depression and its symptoms in age-appropriate language are ways to communicate this important support.
102	Every kid is different.
101	Every family has different capacities.
100	Model adult behavior when you are in conflict with your teen.
117	Only in the past twenty years or so has depression in kids been taken seriously.
88	Your child learns coping skills by watching you.
111	Establish clear rules.
126	Not caring about anything in the present or future
66	some children act in an almost hyperactive way to mask their depression.
116	Once that disrespect is established, it 's almost impossible to have any influence on what your teenaged son or daughter does.
56	siblings need to be reminded that they do n't have to be perfect to be good enough.

====================== 1042_gold_opti.txt.xml ======================
207	Launch 1 Red introduces children to some of the basic beliefs of Christianity:
8	I have had some difficulties with local Christians attempting to persuade children at my son 's state school to attend a group they have at lunch time
208	This teaching concerns only the Christian god, as presented by these particular Christian groups.
549	The Election Programmes of the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) and the Demokrat Party (DP) are silent about religious education, which implies that they are satisfied with the current practice and do not wish to introduce any changes.
551	calls to reject entirely any religion classes polarise society and cause the discussions to revolve around whether or not to have religion lessons, rather than on the content.
614	Only those faiths considered to be the ' main religions in the school community ' will be provided with State-funded faith-formation teachers, and those that do not qualify will be taught a common ethics programme.
529	Supporters of the Access Ministries program say it has been unfairly criticised, and that for many pupils the program is the only introduction to Christianity and its values.
519	ACCESS is a political lobby who have lobbied to put religion in the schools by statute and regulation.
563	Nor may school officials grant religious speakers preferential access to public audiences, or otherwise select public speakers on a basis that favors religious speech.
572	The Equal Access Act provides a statutory basis for claims for and against extra-curricular religious clubs.
480	"The question here is n't whether ACCESS is incompetent at bringing children to Christ in Australia 's largest  mission field '' (aka, the schools) it is whether they are breaking the law by violating important rights that families and children have in our country."""
587	"Equally unconstitutional was an  equal access '' plan under which student volunteers could recite prayers of their own choosing as part of a pre-game ceremony."""
703	Most of the schools I visited made special efforts-including offering reduced tuition-to reach out to African-American churches to increase the racial diversity of their schools.
623	Simply enrolling children from different cultures does not make a school multi-denominational.
328	Parents are the primary religious educators of their children.
275	Parents, by and large, are expected to choose or reject schools on the basis of what communal leaders and key funders have determined for them.
650	Faith schools which are their own admission authorities are ten times more likely to be highly unrepresentative of their surrounding area than faith schools where the local authority is the admission authority.
648	In ' Faith in the System, ' the Government and religious groups confirmed their commitment to continue to work together - and with schools with and without a religious character - to improve the life chances of children, to build bridges to greater mutual trust and understanding and to contribute to a just and cohesive society.
418	The main problem with faith schools is that their primary purpose is to socialise women into their major roles of wives and mothers.
425	I worry that many young people are being educated in faith-based schools, with little appreciation of their wider responsibilities and obligations to British society.
378	That faith schools have on average supposedly higher grades is one reason the Labour Government has been a supporter of them.
654	This document has been produced by the Accord Coalition, of which Ekklesia is a founder member, to help researchers, journalists, campaigners and members of the public to find information about some of the policy implications of state funded faith schools and their practices.
422	government should not be funding faith schools of any kind
386	Either we allow all faiths to provide education if they can do so allowing society to become further segregated.
649	Faith schools receiving state funding should therefore lose the right to select pupils on religious grounds.
540	Turkey should consider approaching the matter in a holistic manner.
550	The Bloc instead proposed history of religions and religious studies as optional lessons.
542	Many in Turkey argue that further reform of primary and secondary school education to facilitate freedom of religion or belief is necessary.
553	The government 's Presidency of Religious Affairs (Diyanet) can offer summer courses on reading the Quran for children who are older than 12, with state funding.
556	Turkey has the obligation to respect the rights of children to freedom of religion or belief and to respect the rights of parents to educate their children in line with their beliefs.
401	If you look carefully at the blog I am attacking the selection of pupils on the basis of religion.
402	It provides a public service and as such should not discriminate places on the basis of religion.
469	In the meantime, traditional religious people in this province are nervously reading many different signs coming out of Victoria and wondering whether we are not now entering a new era of religious persecution, one in which traditional religious voices are to be increasingly and aggressively marginalized and stifled by the provincial government.
473	This prohibition has led courts to ban such plainly coercive religious activities in public schools such as organized prayer and the teaching of creationism.
80	We specifically asked parents if there were issues relating to integrated education which were causing them concern.
86	There is little doubt that many parents in the integrated schools were more than satisfied with the level of involvement which they had achieved in this way and that both they and the teachers considered it to be beneficial to the children.
663	Discussions of homosexuality should only be handled by the parents because not everyone has the same levels of tolerance or acceptance of the same sex lifestyle.
660	It is beyond question that Good News intends to use the public school premises not for the mere discussion of a subject from a particular, Christian point of view, but for an evangelical service of worship calling children to commit themselves in an act of Christian conversion.
665	Parents should help a kid deal with theories, not restrict their learning.
658	The aim of achieving equity and community cohesion which takes into account the needs of religious groups and those of no religious affiliation should be based on a reciprocal approach where all schools whatever their existing status play their part in achieving those aims.
127	Parents desire their children to enroll to this kind of educational institution because the clear meaning and target associated in the curricula as well as to their set of programs are enough confirmation to support their children upbeat growth.
126	To enroll them particularly in religious boarding schools, the students and their families will be introduced and be re-introduced to welcome Christ in their lives.
138	We would not however wish to restrict the freedom of county schools to make provision for collective worship if it seems appropriate and is acceptable to their pupils and parents.
139	Clearly if the provision of religious education (instruction) continues to be required by law, and if there is a likelihood that the provision made may adopt a confessional approach, based on a Christian dominated agreed syllabus, then the right of withdrawal must be retained.
333	The CNS approach, variously called '' Multi-belief '' or '' Multi-faith '' by those designing it, aims to provide faith formation.
334	In 2008 almost 80 % of pupils in the two brand new CNS schools were not Catholics.
48	Religion is the means by which an elite group gains control of the population.
505	Education is about giving factual information to children, in preparation for being productive and happy adults.
49	Perhaps your early conditioning as a Christian will not permit you to see the impossibility of a supernatural being inhabiting a natural universe?
588	public school teachers may not pray with, or in the presence of, their students.
533	Public schools shall be non-sectarian.
597	Although public schools may teach about religious holidays, including their religious aspects, and may celebrate the secular aspects of holidays, schools may not observe holidays as religious events or promote such observance by students.
39	Secularism is about keeping the state and religion separate, the way it should be - not privileging religion of any faith.
29	I was of the opinion that state schools were secular, but this appears to be false.
43	We chose the State system because we prefer that our children have a secular education.
641	I reject the notion the public schools are promoting a religion, or an anti-religion of secular humanism.
440	Schools may indeed and should teach secular values such as honesty, respect for others, courage, kindness and good citizenship.
28	Public schools should be strictly secular in my view.
522	Secularism protects people of religion and people of no religion.
521	This is seen in opposition expressed to providing secular ethics in public schools as more school children elect not to attend religious scripture in schools.
22	I visited your webpage recently and totally agree with banning religion from secular schools.
227	A secular school system must avoid giving the impression that its values originate within a particular religious doctrine.
37	That the school realises it is of a secular nature and children expecting a non religious content must not experience any form of discrimination.
635	If it costs $ 5,000 to do a secular education, then $ 2,500 does n't even get you the full cost of a secular education, much less advancing religion.
524	secularism was one of the great constitutional gifts of the English to the world.
466	"The system was a failed attempt at removing the  secular '' provision in the education act in order to introduce Christianity for its supposed role in socializing children."""
685	One of the principles this country was founded on was separation of church and state.
590	Public school libraries may include significant religious literature, provided that no one sect 's literature is favored, and the library as a whole does not show any preference for religious works.
69	Alternatives to the present process of opening completely new schools also have to be considered in any future planning.
692	Still, despite their distinct religious missions, the sharp boundary between public schools and private religious schools makes it difficult for us to see the ways in which today 's so-called private schools perform public functions.
506	Instances where a Chaplain or indeed the average untrained mature adult can be of assistance to students in a non-religious manner can not be construed as a template recipe for all or even most situations.
500	If Chaplaincy programs in State Schools were not riddled with such inconsistency and bias advantageously affecting proselytising Christian Fundamentalist evangelism, answers from your department would be straightforward and enlightening.
511	The AFA is deeply disturbed by the existence of the Chaplaincy programs in Queensland and Australian State schools in general as well as the protection afforded it by evasion, denial and obfuscation.
508	What is the controlling mechanism preventing chaplains proselytising their religious point of view in school hours?
510	Is involvement with any religious aspects of the Chaplaincy a mandatory obligation for students?
12	These chaplaincy positions are totally unacceptable in secular schools.
504	Chaplaincy Services in Queensland state schools occur as a community initiative in those schools which identify a need and elect to have the program.
364	Australia was founded as a Christian Nation, not a multicultural one.
23	Australia needs to change to accommodate the multitude of people learning that religion has no part in our community and joining other schools around the world and banning it from be taught.
366	there are many people in Australia who have left religion, and want to raise their children outside of religious teaching,
164	Pupils should be developing the ability to explain how religious believers approach moral issues and dilemmas in the everyday life of individuals and families, and in contemporary society at local, national and international levels.
165	Pupils should be developing the ability to explain the significance of religious history and culture for believers, and the influence which religion has exerted, and continues to exert, on social and cultural life in general, both in this country and throughout the world.
167	Pupils should be developing the ability to describe the main questions about human nature and the human condition, and about the personal identity and purpose in life of individuals, to which religions provide answers or responses.
166	Pupils should be developing the ability to form and express their own views about religious culture and history.
161	Pupils should be developing the ability to explain the claims and insights which religious narratives and stories express for believers.
162	Pupils should be developing the ability to describe the main procedures, customs and ceremonies associated with religious festivals and worship.
163	Pupils should be developing the ability to describe the moral teachings of Christianity and of other great world religions, as outlined in precepts and commandments, and in parables and other stories.
449	it is very important that teachers avoid discussions that seem to endorse religious belief over non-religious belief.
450	Cursory discussions will subtly denigrate the validity of minority religious beliefs held by some individuals, regardless of whether adherents to minority beliefs are represented in the class.
448	Discussion of religion in the classroom may alienate those students who are being raised with no religious faith.
451	Discussion of religion in the classroom may alienate those who are being raised with orthodox religious faiths.
13	Secular schools are an essential ingredient of a secular democracy.
15	Good schools never chain children to belief in the supernatural and the reliance on prayer and divine guidance, because humans must rely on their own resources to deal with problems, not on the codes and superstitions of past ages.
55	In a secular state school, by law, religious education is not compulsory yet the information sheet contains an element of expected attendance.
459	public school is a place of religious neutrality.
95	They have been and continue to be both an avenue of opportunity and a major cohesive force in our society -- a society becoming daily more diverse racially, culturally, and religiously.
100	Without full knowledge of our religious and democratic traditions we can not ensure that those elected to school boards are strongly committed to both public education and religious liberty.
404	segregation reduces social cohesion, and the earlier in life that happens the worse it is.
314	Where is the evidence to say that government funding, representing our society and our children, is well spent on the current CRE program that teaches creationism as fact and effectively segregates children?
58	Who knew that it could be so hard to not follow the norm and stand up for your right to be an agnostic / atheist?
523	They should not feel guilty about not adhering to a religion.
579	Students may not be compelled to wear gym clothes which, for religious reasons, they consider immodest.
564	where schools permit student expression on the basis of genuinely neutral criteria and students retain primary control over the content of their expression, the speech of students who choose to express themselves through religious means such as prayer is not attributable to the state and therefore may not be restricted because of its religious content.
631	Love for students, for their value as children of God, for their unique gifts, must be the foundation of all we do.
565	Where students or other private graduation speakers are selected on the basis of genuinely neutral, evenhanded criteria and retain primary control over the content of their expression, however, that expression is not attributable to the school and therefore may not be restricted because of its religious (or anti-religious) content.
411	"Students do not have the right to force a  captive audience '' to participate in religious exercises."""
580	Students with religious objections to mixed gym classes, but only such students, may be offered sex-segregated gym classes without violating federal law.
561	student prayer clubs are legal so long as these are not conducted during regularly scheduled class time, including study halls.
35	On the final day of RI for 2006 Tuesday the 12th of December Student returned home at the completion of the school day very visibly and emotionally distressed due to an incident during RI in which she describes in great detail the presentation of coloured candy canes by RI Teacher to all students attending the RI class (of which Student is at the very least on visual attendance) at the exclusion of Student.
479	Students are expected to attend the required religion classes held throughout the regular academic year, a Confirmation Retreat, Monthly Youth Rallies, and regular Sunday Masses.
494	there may be coercion between or among students or conflicts between free speech and religious freedom rights.
478	Students must meet the requirements of the program and participate in the celebration of Eucharist each week.
576	When a school chooses not to close on days observed by some students as religious holidays, conflicts between scheduled events and religious holidays will exist.
42	students who attend state schools should not be discriminated against based on their belief or non belief.
135	The school encourages its students to excel academically and taught directed toward an education of Christ-centered life of service.
634	Even though it costs $ 5,000 per person per student, to educate a kid in a public school, they figure that if we transfer even a fraction of that money, half of that money, to a parochial school, somehow we are advancing religion.
453	What happens when a student responds to a secular assignment with religious expression?
444	No student should be made to feel that his or her personal beliefs or practices are being questioned, infringed upon or compromised.
684	You are purposefully failing to give your students a good education just to satisfy your own agenda.
36	A six year old prepatory student at a public state school, starting school forming bonds, relationships and friendships which will form the basis of her school life should not be dealing with segregation and bias based on religious or non-religious preference.
680	I have been a student of Mr. Mullens for five years and not once did i ever hear him say anything about religion.
532	Students who are non-members can attend if parents request in writing that their child opt in.
410	Students are permitted to pray alone or in groups, as long as the activity is not disruptive and does n't infringe on the rights of others.
513	Students wishing exemption because of the religious content in the Anzac Day Parade were obliged to attend.
570	Student religious groups have often requested permission to meet in vacant public school classrooms during school club periods held either before or after school, or, less frequently, during free periods during the school day.
408	Students are allowed to express their beliefs about a religion in homework, artwork and other assignments.
568	To avoid any mistaken perception that a school endorses student speech that is not in fact attributable to the school, school officials may make appropriate, neutral disclaimers to clarify that such speech (whether religious or nonreligious) is the speaker 's and not the school
518	Technology in the high schools includes a variety of tools to assist students with their research, study and presentation of information.
483	Students in the West Shore are also now allowed to wear clothing with religious messages or other personal expressions after a 2010 lawsuit filed by the family of a student who had been asked to turn his anti-abortion T-shirt inside-out.
406	Students can take part in individual and group prayer during the school day.
632	Three years prior to each student 's 13th birthday, the families of students with significant special needs begin to work with Cantor Einhorn to prepare for their Bar/Bat Mitzvah ceremonies.
34	This continued for the duration of the year where Student was removed to the back of the class, seemingly as punishment to a six year old prepatory student for non-attendance of RI.
445	Students are extremely susceptible to peer and public pressure and coercion.
254	Jewish parental involvement appears to be very high and is clearly linked to pupil success:
259	state-sector Jewish schools have slightly smaller class sizes than the national average.
430	All Jewish holidays are celebrated.
283	Nevertheless, information is needed as to likely future trends in the numbers of Jewish children, according to variables such as age, cohort, gender, geographical location and religious affiliation.
348	To me the key seems to be in knowing and understanding Jewish traditions so they can help propel us forward in our own lives and in the realm of Jewish thinking itself.
249	Today Jewish schools are flourishing.
303	For Jewish day school education to meet future needs, wants and requirements of government, sponsors, community leaders, parents and pupils, a constant awareness of current and potential challenges, informed by suitable research, is required.
307	Finally, education in Jewish day schools is still primarily delivered in a classical manner, in particular places at particular times.
308	As methods of ' Jewishly ' educating children, day schools are necessarily an expensive option, requiring the teaching of not just Judaic studies but secular subjects as well.
358	At that point we were not actively looking for the Jewish aspects of the school, but once we found ourselves there we became delighted with the Jewish cultural values and community.
292	The growth in the number of Jewish day schools since 1950 was a response by communal leaders in the United Kingdom to expressed concerns about a ' crisis ' in Jewish education.
288	Some Jewish parents also noted difficulties in obtaining the information needed for making educational choices for their children.
244	Jewish practices, such as the wearing of kippot, are generally encouraged but are not obligatory.
272	According to government criteria, Jewish schools -- as an example of faith-based education -- can be judged successful only if they achieve both good academic results and pupils leave the institutions well adjusted, tolerant and able to contribute ' positively ' to British society.
309	The purpose of this report has been to raise these issues as a basis for communal debate on the future directions of Jewish day schooling.
199	Historically, Judaic subjects have been staffed on a different basis to secular studies, with Jewish studies and Hebrew teachers being supernumerary, with salaries paid for out of parental contributions and grants from charitable foundations.
238	There are currently four specialist Jewish schools for children with special educational needs.
281	While a unified curriculum among Jewish day schools may be impractical given the very different religious affiliations and backgrounds of parents and pupils, this does not rule out the possibility of groups of similar-ethos schools combining to create and then assess shared curricula.
352	Rather than focusing on the practice of religion, the emphasis is on Jewish values and culture.
266	Alongside the largely social and cultural Jewish factors discussed above, a number of interviewees argued that it was specifically the religious component of the school ethos that attracted them to that particular institution.
250	it is more accurately conceptualized as a series of interconnected Jewish day school systems that do not overlap in terms of provision
262	For some parents, it was the social and cultural, rather than the specifically religious, side of Jewish schools that was of most importance.
304	The Jewish community has specialist services for assisting parents that provide facilities in tune with individuals ' cultural and religious requirements.
355	They get the opportunity to learn about Judaism while still practicing their own religion.
260	pupils at Jewish day schools achieve examination scores that are considerably higher than the national average,
467	"No Jewish family in Australia is any danger of not having access to  their community '' families do not want, or need, religious instructors trespassing on them via the authority of their school principal."""
263	Another parent described Jewish day school education as giving her child ' a strong sense of identity
243	In the event of any dispute as to whether a child is Jewish, the authority of the Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations of the British Commonwealth is final
289	From interviews with headteachers, SEN professionals and parents of children with special needs, four specifically Jewish areas of concern emerged.
251	The broader aims of the report involve an analysis of the system (or systems) of Jewish day school education, including a discussion of Jewish day schools in relation to wider national concerns about the role of faith-based education.
255	Particular traditional Jewish practices, such as the ' rites of passage ' that Jewish males aged 13 and females aged 12 go through during bar mitzvah, bat mitzvah or bat chayil ceremonies, may also contribute to the success of Jewish day school pupils, particularly in English.
291	total number of Jewish schools (both state-sector voluntary-aided and independent) rose from 23 in 1954, 57 in 1975, 70 in 1989, to 135 in 1999.
235	The strictly Orthodox education system is anything but homogeneous and includes a range of schools: state-sector and independent, high general academic achievers and schools in which little or no time is spent on general curriculum subjects and which are on the very edge of the national UK education system.
300	Strictly Orthodox state-sector schools face similar problems to ' mainstream ' institutions in terms of recruiting qualified general staff.
242	The admissions criteria of such schools will, however, give priority to Jewish children over those who are non-Jewish.
344	A nice testimonial to the school 's appeal/success is that non-Jews attend because it is a very special place.
350	Jewish thought runs through the school, but you need not be Jewish to attend.
261	Accordingly, one headteacher argued that, while academic results were a major draw at her Jewish school, the other principal attraction was that children would be educated within a Jewish social environment:
360	Torah stories are discussed with the acknowledgement that some people think they happened exactly as written, while others think they are myths and legends.
341	There is great diversity at Tehiyah in terms of Jewish observance, beliefs, political views.
349	I like the way that Jewish culture is transmitted as it truly gives something significant to the children.
293	He argued that the shortfall in Jewish studies teachers was due to low pay, societal perceptions of teaching and a lack of training:
256	The ethos of schools is also one of the prime factors used by Jewish parents to choose between different institutions
252	Traditionally, education has been at the top of the Jewish communal agenda.
257	While many of the strictly Orthodox Jewish day schools do not enter pupils for public examination, the success of those Jewish day school pupils that do is doubtless due to a combination of factors, including socio-economic background, the commitment, expectations and values of parents and pupils, and school ethos.
247	Zionism is not generally an aspect in these schools.
239	Key to this debate is the quality of Jewish services compared with alternative provision, and the ' added values ' of providing education to children in a specifically Jewish environment.
241	These schools will only accept children whose mothers were born Jewish or else who converted under the auspices of Orthodox authorities.
359	Jewish traditions are taught and presented as a starting point, not an end point.
253	These schools closed early on winter Friday afternoons and even taught classes on religious Jewish education.
198	a shortage of Jewish teachers is still a matter of concern.
306	only 7 per cent of ' secular ' parents send their children to Jewish day schools, and indeed half of all Jewish day school pupils are from non-Sabbath-observant homes.
305	Jewish day schools are also likely to become much more communal in the future in terms of the services they offer.
200	To get Jewish studies staff was a constant headache, not just for us, but for all the Jewish schools.
273	The ethos of the school is based unambiguously on the principles of Orthodox Judaism.
258	The strength of teaching in state-sector Jewish day schools is not demonstrated right across the board, with OFSTED inspectors commending the teaching of some subjects as strong, but criticizing others as weak.
398	The school policy shows preference to pupils whose mothers were born Jewish and claim this is a religious issue not based on race.
282	The Jewish community needs to consider the balance between achieving academic standards and providing services to children with special educational needs.
342	because of the tremendous range of Jewish identities and beliefs, the children learn very quickly what true tolerance means.
295	Jewish studies teachers did n't have qualifications so they do n't go further, there was a glass ceiling.
347	There are many interfaith couples, and while the children get the Jewish culture, it is pretty secular.
343	There are non-Jewish and interfaith families at Tehiyah who are completely comfortable, there, as well.
197	While the number of Jewish day schools has grown rapidly over the past half-century, and pupils in these schools are largely achieving good academic examination results compared to the national average, a series of key strategic issues still face the overall Jewish schooling sector.
644	Catholic schools were also the first schools to desegregate.
674	Catholic schools actually teach about tolerance and evolution.
618	they do n't see the problems the VEC model faces because they seem happy with the way Catholic primary schools have been dealing with the influx of children from other faiths.
332	It was also clear that our traditional, largely Catholic primary school system needed urgent reform.
619	More than 95 per cent of primary school children attend catholic schools.
606	At present many of those parents send their children to catholic schools and have attached their identity to those schools, admire the work of the teachers, the principals and the boards of management of those skills.
79	There was also a feeling that it was very important that staunch Protestants and Roman Catholics were choosing to send their children to the schools.
677	I attended catholic school where I learned about evolution within the science curriculum.
643	The Catholic school 's not just interested in teaching religion, but they have had a mission to serve more children.
615	If you are lucky enough to be part of the Catholic community in your class, you get to stay there during religion time.
525	It is always painful to see Catholics fulminate about life in a secular society.
26	I chose non-scripture for my son so, for 40 mins, while his mates are discovering the ' joys of catholicism ' or other christian teachings, he has to sit and play with toys, totally unstimulated.
591	"That a teacher told India to  keep quiet because you 'll get in trouble '' after she wrote a paper about religious freedom."""
218	Victoria could lead the way for other parts of Australia by developing a much more inclusive, critically focused approach to education about religions and beliefs.
471	Victorian law says schools are powerless to stop an accredited religious instructor holding classes during the school day.
219	Victoria 's system, is failing to serve the interests of children and religions, because it presents children religious instruction divorced from the diverse traditions and practices of the many religious communities amongst us.
686	The Cathedral Religious Education program is designed to help your child grow spiritually at their individual level of experience and comprehension.
688	Pressures for religious particularity-such as teaching students the Baptist doctrine that only adult believers should be baptized-are nearly always checked by the need to attract more students.
689	Support from the Religious Education office that enables parents to prepare their child for the reception of the Sacraments.
172	In most primary schools religious education takes place within the time devoted to storytelling and the time set aside for specific projects.
182	It had therefore become fairly common practice to depute the subject to any teacher willing to teach it and who had some knowledge of the Bible.
191	Parents are thus, often reluctantly, drawn into a situation of conflict between the requirements of their faith and the rules of the school.
365	I support the teaching of other religions, but not by taking away a culture that has been happening in our school system since the first school was established.
202	Moreover, the lack of a shared curriculum means that there is no comparative framework for assessing the strengths and weaknesses of Judaic teaching across the range of Jewish day schools.
319	Follow an objective, fair and balanced comparative syllabus for education about religions and beliefs
517	Founded on strong liberal arts traditions, supported by the technology of today and focused on the needs of tomorrow, the Catholic high school curriculum is designed to prepare students for a lifetime of learning and for the challenges of the 21st century.
317	Maintain an inclusive school curriculum that does not require any student to withdraw from class on account of different religious beliefs
607	The parents, and Principal both said they do not segregate children according to faith in the manner portrayed in the Prime Time Programme.
608	They say the programme was unfair in that the only parent shown was one who campaigned against the school but although a parent of a child at the schools concerned was interviewed by Prime Time, Prime Time chose not to show that parent during the programme.
620	One final point, the Educate Together model has a lot in common with the VEC, and they filled a gap in primary education in a similar way that VECs filled a gap at second level.
621	This idea of members of the wider community having a stake in the schools in the community is a core feature of VEC provided education.
633	These reports will summarize your child 's achievements, abilities and areasfor improvement in class.
376	Issues of discipline, parental involvement in school, innate academic ability of students, social economic background - these factors may play more of a role then the religious ethos ascribed too.
394	State financed faith schools are not the answer to this problem - properly funded schools are.
108	Most private schools (over 75 %) are parochial schools.
110	For some parents the religious orientation of these schools is important, but the more significant change is the increasing number of parents for whom this is not directly important-or who may not share the religious beliefs of the school-but who try to get their children into these schools because they find them morally and socially preferable-more affordable, better values, better community-than what else is on offer.
544	school administrations can in practice refuse to grant exemptions
107	opting for parochial schools is an exercise of religious freedom which is outside the realm of public finance.
695	Children with different learning styles may find what they need in a Christian school.
693	"Most of the  integration '' of religion and basic subject matter at Christian schools would not offend the average American of any faith."""
617	Children who wish for a religious education in school are catered for and children who do n't get an ethics programme, supposedly similar to that given in Educate Together.
57	Sure enough, our child did not attend R.E and yes it is true that for approx 6 months or so, they were on their own during these classes.
211	The children are made to feel that they are outsiders.
610	The first is the denominational model where children are taught a specific religious programme within school time.
545	Children who do gain exemption continue to risk ostracism and bullying from other children and discrimination from teachers
46	In a healthy society, children would be considered equal to other citizens, respected, and through education be given the mental tools to think, evaluate, compare, reason and justify their actions.
609	Would you not give them the same benefit of the doubt in their choosing to send their children to that school/teach in that school, as you would give to the parents that send children to your school or teach at the school you teach in?
636	All of them, as religious schools, say that a central part of their mission is to try to inculcate in these children the centrality of faith.
612	Children who wish to have religious instruction do so after school.
611	Instead, an ethics programme is run where children learn about many belief systems together.
491	Ontario 's Education Act states that parents can remove children from classes to which they have religious or conscientious objections, but there are n't many requests.
125	If you want your child to enlighten up religiously, religious schools are best recommended.
388	Children growing up in their own neighbourhood, cut off from daily interactions with people that are different, do not aid social cohesion.
713	Encourage your child to show respect for our community and behave appropriately in church.
715	Share your own religious beliefs with your children.
331	In fairness to the child, therefore, we may need to delay the child 's reception of the sacrament in order to give the child more time to make up for the parents ' lack of involvement.
310	all beliefs should be respected and an over-arching value children should learn is ' do no harm
229	Children learn the same basic subjects as in conventional public schools but may also study religion.
192	We do not believe that a situation in which groups of children are taught exclusively by teachers of the same ethnic group is desirable from the point of view of the children, the minority community or society as a whole.
526	Children automatically attend these classes unless parents formally '' opt out ''.
19	If I wanted my children to have access to religious bodies I would have sent them to a private school.
664	Children are still required to learn about science and humanity as well as embracing their faith.
380	Religious prayer for children is actually a legal requirement on schools in England.
431	If a special school event takes place on a day that your child does not usually attend school, you and your child may come to school for the duration of the event provided that he/she is accompanied by a parent or caregiver at all times.
311	I continue to feel incredulous that children at a secular school should have to opt OUT of religious education, and hope that eventually this system will change.
174	It is important that by the time all children leave their primary schools they should be aware that there are a range of different ' living ' faiths in this society.
653	Many schools wish to have an ethos that brings together children from different ethnic and cultural backgrounds whilst making accommodations to meet individual needs.
264	The cultural aspect was probably more important than the religious side.
267	Such interviewees unsurprisingly tended to be more observant, and often wanted their offspring to be both fully equipped in religious ways and to socialize principally, or even exclusively, with other religious children:
2	Some members stated that they did n't practice religion in their homes but would not be bothered it their child learnt about it.
11	I do n't mind my children being taught about Christianity in an academic sense
173	Some of the religious stories may have a place, certainly how the sacred texts are handled and treated by believers in their homes and in worship as well as something about the languages they are written in.
176	Visits to places of worship often stimulate eleven year olds not only to make models or draw pictures, but also to talk and write about their experiences.
179	authenticity which can only be obtained fully by attending an act of worship.
40	religious indoctrination has no part to play in this process.
59	School is about education and not indoctrination.
468	Just as non-religious parents expect that their children will not be indoctrinated by religious teaching in the public schools, those parents who hold religious views ought to be able to expect that their children will not be indoctrinated with views that contradict their own deeply held religious beliefs.
51	I do object to the indoctrination of young minds with religious concepts.
363	If individuals want to indulge in religion, they should do so in their own time, and teach their children their religious doctrine outside school.
60	I believe that Anglican, Baptist or Catholic indoctrination has no part to play, in preparing a child for life, in any public school, across NSW.
17	I request that you either immediately halt this indoctrination, or at least invite rational, secular humanists to give classes that will enable children to form a balanced view on the issue.
662	"If your religious or moral  values '' can not coexist with modern science and basic sexual information, then you need to rethink them."""
158	There are many millions of men and women throughout the world who find through their religious beliefs a deep meaning and purpose for their lives and a system of values by which their lives can be lived.
534	Once religious exercises are instituted by petition in a school, only those children whose parents/guardians have signed the petition may participate.
539	By holding religious exercises before the beginning of regular classes in the morning, or during the noon hour, the separation of participating and non-participating students can be minimized.
330	Liturgical services are the occasions when we come together to pray as a community.
538	Where petitioned, religious exercises are to be held each teaching day, and shall be no longer than ten minutes in duration.
393	The world is bigger than the background of faith - and failure to recognise and understand that is one reason where religion is one of those labels by which people ignore our common humanity.
593	Federal courts have split over the legality of some religious activities in public schools, such as so-called ' student-initiated prayer, ' at public school events.
463	The course has been imposed on all schools, including private denominational ones.
585	This rule against officially-sponsored religious exercises is thus not overcome by requiring students to choose between attending the prayer session or going to another classroom.
114	Yet, intentionally or not, most are really courses about the religious beliefs of the teacher or minister leading the class or of those who created the course materials.
145	Some of the ethnic minority representatives whom we met expressed the opinion that only a teacher who was him or herself an adherent of a particular faith could teach that faith to pupils.
116	The school 's personnel ensure to meet the students needs through working with the ministry, disciplining using the means of the Word of God, and teaching them their personal, to other people responsibilities.
548	Also, while this step may satisfy some Alevi groups there are certainly other Alevis who remain categorically against the teaching of religion by the State.
280	However, there is no shared basis for comparing teaching and standards at different schools, which means that parents and teachers are limited in terms of being able to recognize the strengths and weaknesses of Judaic teaching across the range of different institutions.
546	On the one hand, the government claims that the RCKE course synopsis includes teaching about all religions, while on the other there is a limited opt-out possibility.
183	Of the 608 teachers (331 men, 277 women) who taught religious education as their first or only subject 122 (20 per cent) did not record this as their first or second subject of study.
571	The Supreme Court has held that a public university which allowed secular extracurricular student groups use of empty classrooms could not deny access to student religious groups.
661	(Schools do have a legal right to exclude controversial groups because of safety concerns if their presence at the school would be disruptive and dangerous.
516	Programs address the spiritual, academic, social, physical and emotional needs of young men and women.
499	YRUU offers the youth of our church a balanced program to support them in their continued personal growth and religious exploration.
624	I have never met a qualified teacher with appropriate qualifications to teach Islam, Judaism, etc.
613	how can these teachers teach faith formation to Sikh, Jewish or Muslim children, when no teacher training college provides training in the Guru Granth Sahib, the Torah or the Koran?
144	Several teachers expressed concern to us about the difficulties of obtaining textbooks and teaching materials which reflected a multi-faith view of religious education and which did not present religions other than Christianity in negative or inaccurate terms.
672	If teachers are worried about suffering some negative consequence from talking about these subjects then the easiest thing would be to not talk about them at all.
232	insist upon excellence in teaching in the public schools
574	teachers may informally discuss religious topics among themselves, provided those discussions do not interfere with their duties and do not take place in the presence of students.
573	Unless a school permits teachers to use empty classrooms for meetings on whatever topic they choose, teachers have no right to hold religious meetings in an empty public school classroom, before or after school, even when only other teachers will be in attendance.
177	The upper years, from thirteen to sixteen, are those when the teacher might try to probe as far as possible in assisting the student to understand what it means in terms of practices, belief or commitment to be Jew, a Muslim or a Christian.
90	Teaching children about religion remains an important facet of the broad education we value for children in NSW.
112	One district even teaches long-discredited interpretations of Scripture that once were used to justify slavery and segregation.
226	I have never liked the idea of the kids being taken out when I teach RE.
414	Teachers can attend the meetings of religious clubs as monitors, but they may not participate in these clubs ' activities.
452	Thus, a book report delivered to a teacher may not be rejected merely because it is religious, whereas a work of art that will be hung up or displayed by the school or a play intended for public performance is unacceptable.
7	I feel the committee and teaching staff should take a neutral position
41	I believe that religious teachings (scripture) should be completely banned from all State/Public schools across NSW
354	It teaches about it informatively but does not '' ram it down kids ' throats.
81	Many of the teachers expressed their strong religious faith and said that it was this that had made them anxious to teach in an integrated school.
233	Special Religious Education or SRE, as mentioned in the Act, relates to the teaching of the beliefs and practices of an approved religious faith by its authorised representatives.
581	Provide your children with some sort of religious teaching even if you believe the child should decide.
447	Special training may be required to prepare teachers to discuss religion in an appropriate manner.
589	The Constitution permits objective teaching about religion.
464	The only difference is that the private religious schools may also teach religious education of their choice in addition to the course in Ethics and Religious Culture.
140	We are concerned at the number of religious education teachers who have received no specific training in religious education.
682	This teacher, appears to believe in teaching students to examine things from all angles, and think for themselves, rather than accept whatever the government or anyone else is trying to force feed down students ' throats.
82	With regard to religious commitments, the views expressed by the teachers are closely related to those of the parents.
337	Teachers say they are concerned that their interpretation of the story from a Catholic perspective might confuse children from other or no faith traditions.
442	The fact that most religions also teach these values does not change the lawfulness and desirability of teaching them.
637	And many if not most of these schools make no claim that their teachers will try to distinguish between when they are engaging in secular teaching and when they 're being a religious teacher.
321	Teaching a religion closes the mind, teaching religion opens the mind.
671	Why would anyone object to religious teaching when it seems common place to teach the theory of evolution, which has no scientific evidence at all to support it?
136	Turning to the current situation of the religious education teachers whom we met who were teaching in schools with multi-faith pupil populations, not one felt that their training had prepared them adequately to deal with faiths other than Christianity.
437	A teacher must not promote or denigrate any particular religion, religion in general, or lack of religious belief.
221	Ultimately schools should teach about religion, not instruct children in religion.
547	If the teaching includes all religions, why does the system allow exemption?
575	The rules in question permitted the display of religious symbols as teaching aids, and provided that religious works of drama and music could be performed as well as studied.
669	Discussions and teaching of religion in a classroom very clearly violates the rights of people who want to raise their children free from religious influence.
52	Unfortunately, in my area the only preschools are church run.
53	My 3-4yr old has been asking to go to church, making craft ' church hats ', singing hymns and praying before dinner!
577	One court has held that school officials may, without unconstitutionally establishing religion, prohibit the scheduling of extra - curricular activities on Friday night, Saturday and Sunday morning to avoid conflicts with students ' religious observances.
578	another court has held that penalties (such as the refusal to provide make-up examinations or the lowering of grades) can not be imposed on students absent for religious holidays.
474	The Supreme Court has not specifically ruled on issues related to teaching about religious holidays in public schools, but its rulings in other cases involving religious freedom and lower court rulings about religious holidays in public schools are instructive regarding which activities are permissible or impermissible.
153	"Religions and culture are closely interwoven and often religion is the very  soul '' of culture."""
357	In the regular course of their academics, they learn about other religions.
159	They should have some opportunity to learn that religion is a feature of this condition.
217	Special Religious Instruction, does the reverse.
205	A Government school teacher must not provide religious instruction other than the provision of general religious education in any Government school building.
482	There is a growing backlash against religious instruction in schools, with a case before VCAT challenging the law on the ground of discrimination.
194	the religious instruction given to the pupils in attendance at a controlled school shall be given in accordance with an agreed syllabus adopted for the school or for those pupils.
149	The religious instruction provided must be in accordance with an agreed syllabus (18) unless the parents of any pupil attending the school request that their children receive religious instruction in accordance with the provision of the trust deed of the school.
498	"The interests of  Faith Instructors '' should not be confused with the basic rights of "" citizens '', no matter how much the faith instructors say it is their right to "" teach their faith '' - this wish should never be spun into legislation - or putting the government in the business of endorsing, accrediting or even so much as reviewing for its educational suitability - a course designed to instruct children in the beliefs and tenets of religion."""
204	We regard any instruction of children in matters of faith as a deeply personal matter that families and religious communities should take very seriously.
318	Formally cease the practice of volunteer-run special religious instruction (SRI) during school hours
214	Special religious instruction may only be delivered by accredited instructors who are approved by the Minister for Education.
470	"What  faith instructors '' want is the power conveyed by the state to create a situation where the children come to them as part of an activity they are compelled to do."""
209	It seems obvious that religious instruction should, like teaching kids to respect each other and be tolerant, seek to change belief whilst religious education presents knowledge that children should then decide what they think about.
216	Schools must be clear that religious instruction is not the same as values education.
552	Where such instruction exists, states are under the obligation to create adequate means of exemption.
489	Religious Worship and Instruction If requested in writing by the parents, a pupil may be excused from attendance at religious worship and/or instruction.
45	Like all Australian State schools, our children have the option of attending or not attending religious instruction.
456	However, a survey by lobby group Fairness in Religions in School reveals only 28 per cent of schools in Melbourne 's west provide special religious instruction, compared with more than 87 per cent of schools in the eastern suburbs.
195	Tolerance Pupils should be developing a willingness to maintain and protect the legal right of religious believers to practice their religion, and also the rights of people not to practise a religion.
196	We found that most of us were very ignorant of other people 's faiths and cultures.
600	"Georgia State Schools Superintendent Kathy Cox apologized for taking the word  evolution '' out of Georgia 's science middle and high school curricula."""
193	It shall not be required, as a condition of any pupil attending any county school or any voluntary school, that he shall attend or abstain from attending any Sunday school or any place of religious worship.
271	Interviewees did not reveal any sense of just how far away a school had to be before it was no longer considered, although several parents made clear that distances mattered more at primary than at secondary level:
190	If they have separate schools which instil an exclusive culture, religion and education, what aspect of their life will be relevant to the community?
152	respect and recognition for their religious beliefs is seen as one of the, and, in some cases, the central factor in maintaining their community 's strength and cohesiveness.
315	With respect to honesty, respect, love, kindness and tolerance that you have mentioned - these are all good values that should be and are taught by parents NOT by religious institutions.
560	Any kid can pray any time he or she wants so long as it does not interfere with the school and the prayer is not part of a school sponsored program.
567	"The Establishment Clause prohibits state officials from making judgments about what constitutes an appropriate prayer, and from favoring or disfavoring certain types of prayers-be they  nonsectarian '' and "" nonproselytizing '' or the opposite - over others."""
124	Religious boarding school where your child is to study and stay from the beginning up to the end of her education period can absolutely put light in her personality.
699	One family I talked with turned to a Christian school after one of their children seemed overcome by negative peer influence, discipline breakdowns, and drug problems in their public schools.
123	Religious boarding school for girls is a type of school in general that focus to build a Christian life for the students.
133	The best boarding schools are among of those institutions that have as a feature of rigid discipline and religious views.
117	religious / catholic boarding schools could be the best assessment for the transition of a troubled teen.
700	Parents ' commitment to a Christian school is also looser than it might seem, since American individualism and parents ' concern for their children often trump institutional and community authority.
697	Likewise, Christian schools offer models that may prove useful to public schools by eschewing standardized testing; reviving Latin, logic, and rhetoric; emphasizing the place of music and foreign languages; refusing to track students by ability; or choosing an unhurried approach to learning.
694	Christian schools also serve a public function by providing an organizational space for alternative teaching techniques and forms of schooling.
134	Military boarding schools associating religious wisdom give students the opportunity to steer from detrimental behaviors to practical and productive views in life.
119	Catholic boarding schools have only smaller class sizes.
698	Christian schools have long served as models for local control of decision-making and smaller school size.
25	Religions have had it too good for so long and its time for their removal as a revered institution.
297	Among the projects made possible by such financial support were organized school trips to Israel, the hiring of youth workers to establish links between schools and Jewish organizations, help for students moving to non-Jewish secondary schools, and the acquisition of Jewish studies computer programs.
230	In the Columbus area there are a number of schools affiliated with religious organizations.
228	These schools are partially subsidized by the religious organization as well as the family.
320	Treat all religious organisations who wish to use the school facilities outside of the school day with transparent and equitable policies.
598	They ruled that a community religious club could not be prevented from holding after-school meetings which included prayer and Bible instruction, as long as any other community organizations were permitted similar access.
99	Local churches and all communities of faith must become better informed about the needs of the public schools in their communities and in the country as a whole.
103	educate their members about the historical role of churches in creating and supporting public schools;
101	Churches can and should emphasize -- through sermons, programs, and by example -- the importance of education and of public schools.
150	The practice of beginning and sometimes ending the school day with prayers had long been customary and went back to the years before 1870 when public education was almost entirely provided by voluntary schools.
151	All prayers are short and sensitivity to the belief of the Muslim is always shown.
438	"School officials and parents must be extremely careful not to cross the line between  the laudable educational goal of promoting a student 's knowledge of and appreciation for this nation 's cultural and religious diversity, and the impermissible endorsement of religion forbidden by the Establishment Clause."""
92	Parochial elementary and high schools, by contrast, have a pervasively sectarian character; indeed, it is for that reason that parents choose them for their children!
346	Despite my concerns, I highly recommend Tehiyah, and if my husband and I do have a child of our own, we would choose to send that child to Tehiyah, although I would be in favor of a public middle school if public high school is a likely outcome and we perceive that our child would have a difficult adjustment.
323	If they ca n't prosthelytize during school hours, they 'll promote some or other ' club ', or find some other way to get your children involved and listening to their Bronze Age nonsense in a way that is pursuasive to their cause.
279	Residential specialist schools are necessarily very expensive to run because of the need for high-quality specialist staff and facilities, raising questions as to which aspects of provision are best provided by the Jewish community and which by other organizations or the state.
73	The religious divide is very rarely crossed and almost all children attend the neighbourhood primary school appropriate to their own community, which will be controlled if they are Protestant and maintained if they are Roman Catholic.
72	This appears to be true even when there is strong ideological and religious motivation as is the case with the integrated schools in Northern Ireland.
340	I am also interested in knowing if a family who does not observe Shabbat would fit in at Oakland Hebrew Day School.
245	Entrance criteria are not based on halachah, but pupils ' families are expected to demonstrate that their beliefs are in tune with the ethos of the school.
296	For schools that are also under-subscribed, competition for children -- and hence issues of marketing -- are of crucial importance to the financial survival of institutions.
324	"The schools are  public facilities '' and as such individuals have a right to use them regardless of their religious beliefs."""
284	Making decisions on the future construction of schools requires detailed market analyses of parental wants and needs to ensure that precious communal finances are used to best effect.
0	if the Koran was the religion that was chosen to be presented this year, would they still be interested in having religion taught to their children?
543	Lessons have up till now been heavily based on the Sunni branch of Islam, and the textbooks are prepared and published by the Education Ministry.
188	Where the concerns of the Muslim community about the ' welfare ' of their children in relation to the requirements of their faith finds particular expression is in the specific calls which have been made for the [page 505] establishment of single sex (40) Muslim schools.
181	Perhaps the class will learn that Muslims from Britain will go on the hajj and visit the mosques of Mecca and Medina.
180	In schools with no mosque near enough to visit, slides of the Regent 's Park mosque might perhaps be shown.
187	A major worry for Muslim parents is the fact that their children soon begin to adopt English standards and ideas.
595	There 's an effort afoot to amend the California constitution to make California school systems give King James Bibles to every public school student, unless parents specifically filed an objection.
647	Secondly, the crux of the matter, and what I think we 'll spend a lot of time talking about today, is the question of whether the voucher plan has the forbidden primary effect of advancing religion, which would be prohibited by our Constitution.
44	As an atheist, I find this offensive, and I 'm sure if any Jews or Muslims attended our school, they would find it offensive too.
679	She accused me of being an atheist, saying I was too liberal, and that I allowed the students to talk about inappropriate things in the classroom.
18	I am an atheist public school student who goes to a school that has embraced the churches donation of a free chaplain.
601	Even if religion has not been raised, always discuss your religion with your attorney if you are involved in a child custody case.
496	In order to show that the godless kids were discriminated against, the barrister for the families had to show how good the SRI was!
399	The idea that this does not encourage segregation in access, let alone in how children are taught to think about others, is one that the government urgently needs to rethink.
389	categorising people on faith or ethnicity is not a recipe for making society harmonise or encouraging good race relations.
387	separating children on the basis of parent 's faith is encouraging people developing in their own corner of the community.
639	I think that when you think about that as a judicial remedy to a desegregation case, it 's important to think about other remedies that were not given to these parents, and that that 's key because key in this case for Establishment Clause purposes is whether this is really about free choice, whether these parents choose to attend these religious schools.
583	Remember, religious freedom is a right in this country, even if we still have to fight for it.
541	Their compulsory nature, their content lacking objectivity and pluralism, and finally the lack of an adequate framework for exemptions continue to pose problems to the enjoyment of freedom of religion or belief in the educational setting in Turkey.
443	Any discussion of religion in the classroom should be sensitive to the beliefs of the different students in the class.
446	Every effort should be made to obtain accurate information about different religions.
562	What is prohibited are public school sponsored prayer or religious programs such as Child Evangelical Fellowship because the school is an agent of the government, has publically elected officials, and receives tax support.
714	Consistent attendance allows your child the opportunity to develop friendships, become better acquainted with the teachers, and develop continuity and increased understanding of the material.
592	Do these people only single out Pagans, or are they the same way with Muslims, Jews, etc..
24	I just started my son in kindergarten and was pretty shocked to discover that there is no alternative to Scripture.
160	Young people share in the human condition.
423	why are religiously sponsored academies being imposed on communities that do n't want them?
604	Society could benefit from a compulsory course about religions with the purpose of promoting an understanding and appreciation of diversity, respect for everyone 's human rights as well as providing an objective presentation of religions.
605	Educate Together schools arrange for faith formation outside of school hours but in the school building.
569	The therapist tells her that Witches are pretend and are not a religion.
424	Questioned in the Commons by Liberal Democrat MP Dr Jenny Tonge about the use of taxpayers ' money to fund the teaching of creationism, he avoided answering the question and said ' In the end, it is a more diverse school system that will deliver better results for our children and if you look at the actual results of the school, I think you will find they are very good.
353	I wanted my kids to have more information about their heritage as well as religion.
223	What concerned me most about my time watching scripture lessons was that the wording and language used was not that of instruction, but of leading.
586	Lower courts have generally extended the ban on school prayers to include all regular school functions, including assemblies and athletic events.
642	But under the current system as it exists, and given the limitations that are inevitably put on voucher programs, it is inevitable that the vast majority of the schools will be religious.
178	(For pupils aged 12 and 13 it is) an appropriate time for gathering together the fragmentary knowledge of various kinds, geographical and historical as well as religious, which has been acquired since the age of five.
603	Consequences of opting out International human rights law does not allow the compulsory teaching of religion with the purpose of instructing students in a particular religion.
109	Proponents argue that competition among public, private, and parochial schools would improve the public schools;
705	Schools affiliated with the LCMS have their origins in the German ethnic communities of the Midwest.
212	Many families feel the option of removing their children from the religious class provides no choice at all; the alternative often is felt as carrying a stigma and burden on our children.
225	Learning should be done in cooperation not isolation.
638	And certainly, as a religious adherent myself, I would not want a school, as a religious school, to have to do that if they chose not to do it.
420	The inability in law of older pupils to withdraw themselves from collective worship contravenes their rights under the Human Rights Act.
646	It goes into their coffers, to use a phrase that Justice O'Connor often uses, and they can use it any way they want to, including to promote and inculcate religion.
362	God tells us to kill by stoning to death any friends or family who worship a god which is different than our own.
21	While religious beliefs and traditions may be brought into the service in some form as they are part of the lives of members of the community, a service, unless its community has one religion shared by all, will not endorse or embrace a particular set of religious customs and beliefs.
640	To exclude the religiously affiliated school, as I said, in my view shows hostility towards religion, which is specifically prohibited by the Establishment Clause.
630	God makes sacred the things of this world as they are offered to God in worship.
132	He is a supporter of InterAction, a multi-faith youth set of connections that includes Christians, sagnostic, Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, Sikhs, Jews, a pagan, and atheists.
203	Surely putting kids of all backgrounds in a class together and discussing ethics can only be a good thing - certainly more productive I would have thought than segregating them by their parents belief
171	Much of the evidence which we have received from ethnic minority communities has related to the provision of religious education in schools and particularly to the place accorded to religions other than Christianity.
327	The Sacraments of Eucharist, Reconciliation and Confirmation are received during these years after the completion of required periods of preparation.
622	it is over 30 years behind its time if it is still believes that faith formation can still be done in school time.
666	I learned about evolution, world religions, psychology, sociology and philosophy.
20	I have chosen for my son not to attend scripture class.
419	This is of concern to women 's rights campaigners, who question whether educational parity can be squared with religions that traditionally subjugate women.
14	Religions can only survive by training the young to disengage the brain 's natural instinct to question and check statements against experience, knowledge and observation.
326	Growing in the faith is a life-long process that begins in early childhood and continues throughout one 's life.
559	In Athens H.S.. similar language was used at the end of the program and Principal Hendricks did nothing to interrupt the program and stop the evangelical talk.
9	A minister talks to my son 's school at Easter and Xmas time about Jesus etc..
584	The Supreme Court first held in Engel v. Vitale (1962) that the practice of having a prayer recited daily in the classroom, even if non-denominational, is unconstitutional.
356	There is something incredible about starting each school day with everyone (K-8) coming together and singing (mostly Hebrew, some English) to greet the new day.
384	The issue for me is that religion is for the private sphere not the public sphere.
501	The Commonwealth shall not make any law for establishing any religion, or for imposing any religious observance, or for prohibiting the free exercise of any religion, and no religious test shall be required as a qualification for any office or public trust under the Commonwealth.
454	Mr. Parker pro-poses that the mother come to class and explain Hanukkah.
189	we do not believe that creating an artificially separate situation in which groups of children are taught exclusively by teachers from the same ethnic group is desirable from the point of view of the children, the minority community or society as a whole and we are not therefore convinced that ' separate ' schools can be supported on these grounds.
71	People in mixed marriages can feel isolated and vulnerable in a polarised society such as Northern Ireland.
47	If a school permits members of religious sects to preach in their buildings, that sect gains unwarranted credibility and a foothold to future political power.
76	Interviewees indicated that the question of the education of children was usually discussed at the outset of the marriage, long before children were born, and then again with much more immediacy once children were born and began to approach school age.
61	Many families also celebrate Christmas this way.
63	The views they expressed centred on what they perceived to be the unchristian nature of the divisions in Northern Irish society and the need to express their Christian commitment to reconciliation between the two communities.
645	But I think that my concern here is with the Establishment Clause - that if this is being defended as not a primary effect with advancing religion because in fact there 's free choice.

====================== 1044_gold_opti.txt.xml ======================
56	Overindulging parents use love as their primary style, and consider love to be more important than limits.
58	Overindulgent parents give children as many choices as possible, even when the child is not capable of making good choices.
57	Overindulging parents give up most control to their children.
266	An overweight child should be evaluated to determine if there is a pathologic cause for his/her weight gain and if there are any weight-related health problems.
265	Self-concept may be low in an overweight child, especially during adolescence.
264	How a child deals with these negative attitudes is in part related to how their parents feel about him/her.
359	Encourage positive attitudes toward your child 's new self-image.
115	By age 10 or 11, children start to base their own self-esteem and self-confidence on how they see themselves.
92	Once children are overweight, it requires a lot of effort and commitment for them to return to a healthy weight.
358	Your child can have a normal life and excellent health.
32	Vigorous physical activity is activity that made students in grades 9-12 sweat or breathe hard for 20 + minutes minutes on 3 + of the past 7 days. I = 95 % confidence interval.
87	The role of physical education in the school curriculum has reduced.
116	how should parents manage their children 's weight?
171	Follow the leader - Family members take turns being the leader while the rest of the family follows.
47	The editorial argues that for children who are morbidly obese, inadequate or unskilled parenting can leave them vulnerable to external factors such as poor food options and insufficient physical activity, fueling weight gain and even being considered neglectful.
48	The authors suggest that state intervention - perhaps through removing the child from the home - may be the best option for these children, as it would separate them from the harmful lifestyle behaviors of the family.
130	Caregivers and coordination unit staff expressed a strong desire for play to be unstructured, although a small proportion of respondents felt that structured physical activity was needed.
127	Adult presence also influences the play patterns of pre-primary children during outdoor play.
129	Several caregivers indicated that they had outdoor spaces such as sheds and verandas available for play in poor weather, but other caregivers indicated that this was not always the case.
352	By their teens, they may have hardening of the arteries, an early warning sign of heart disease.
366	Rarely will anyone cite obesity -- even though it can lead to heart disease, high blood pressure or diabetes.
228	You have to eat less and exercise more.
408	adolescents who were alone tended to buy more food than parents bought for their children.
145	The transition is especially tough for teens with eating disorders, and individuals predisposed to eating disorders may use food and exercise to feel control over their life.
334	Controllable factors of childhood obesity include physical activity level and healthy eating habits.
219	Model healthy eating and exercise behaviors.
403	It 's all about in and out, what you eat, how much you exercise,
119	Creating family habits around smart eating and physical activity can make it easier for everyone to maintain a healthy weight.
274	Parents need to establish healthy habits early in life.
196	The good news is that evidence shows it is much easier to change a child 's eating and exercise habits than it is to alter an adult 's.
337	The immediate goal with a child who has a weight problem is not to lose the weight but to try and stagnate gaining more weight and to instill healthier habits of eating and physical activity.
338	Encourage a healthier lifestyle by instilling the above activities and eating habits.
410	Overweight children who become overweight young adults appear to have an increased risk of developing asthma compared with children who do n't carry extra pounds or whose weight normalizes as they grow, researchers reported.
412	If you do n't over-feed children we are going to have less asthma.
413	Twelve (16.5 %) of those who were overweight as a child and still overweight as a young adult developed asthma.
411	However, it is possible that asthma may limit one 's ability to partake in physical activity, resulting in obesity.
296	Children need to be active to maintain a healthy weight, strong bones and good muscle strength.
164	Children require 60 minutes of physical activity every day,
419	obese people do have a thicker fat padding around their ear, which can predispose them to ear infections.
257	Overweight children often have accelerated height growth; therefore, during childhood, they are tall compared to their peers.
295	"Beliefs that being overweight is a sign of economic prosperity, that an active, outdoor, childhood is not encouraged because it is not as  important '' as an academic childhood and the concept that children will "" shed the weight as they grow up '' continue to contribute to childhood obesity cases."""
405	Parents can pointedly note the unhappy results of his weekend binge -- the stomachache -- and remind their child that a sensation of fullness is a good signal that it 's time to stop eating.
249	The majority of obese children do not have a recognizable syndrome or a hormonal abnormality.
258	Many children who are overweight have elevated blood pressures (hypertension) , high cholesterol, and high triglycerides.
297	At a child 's baby stage, plump is not uncommon, but when a child adds more weight than is proportionate to his height, it may be time to worry about obesity.
90	Obesity in childhood leads to obesity in adulthood
204	There are many mental health, psychosocial, and medical consequences that must be made clear to clinicians, parents, and children who are living with obesity.
430	childhood obesity decreases academic performance, increases the chances of sickness and disease and shortens life expectancy.
210	Excessive weight gain can lead to problems with obesity, premature puberty, diabetes, and other medical complications.
331	One major effect of being overweight as a child is the social consequence of feeling left out and isolated from other children.
262	Obesity in children can lead to fatty deposits in the liver.
351	Obesity in childhood can kill self-esteem, peer relationships, and most of all, hope.
91	Obesity can have a major impact on how children feel about themselves and how they interact with others.
211	Overweight children, who may feel a lack of control over their eating and eat beyond the point of satiety, thereby consuming more calories at a single sitting than the average adult, can suffer from this psychological condition.
89	About 80 per cent of obese adolescents will become obese adults.
330	Psychological effects of being an obese child are more short-term whereas the physical effects are long-term.
329	Being an obese child affects both mental and physical well-being.
299	Childhood obesity not only leads to increased risk of physical problems and adult obesity, but it also takes an emotional toll as well.
172	We must implement a new nutrition agenda, going beyond diet and physical activity to decrease childhood obesity and focus on prevention.
186	These guidelines for obesity prevention programs encourage a health-centered, rather than weight-centered approach that focuses on the whole child - physically, mentally and socially.
298	obesity is an excessive amount of body fat.
226	obesity is a condition in which a person 's weight is more than 20 % greater than is recommended for his or her height and age.
213	If you are concerned about your child 's weight, make an appointment with her physician to rule out any physical causes.
214	Do not encourage your child to begin a weight modification plan without first consulting a physician.
15	Child care providers may not offer as many opportunities for physical activity and may offer less nutritious food alternatives.
244	Children are more likely to participate in an activity that they, rather than their parents, choose.
43	adjusting what children are exposed to at school rather than attempting to transform their behavior.
78	It is the business of the parent and child, not yours, and if shaming them worked, there would not be a fat person in the whole country.
81	A child - adults too - has enough negative reinforcement about weight, let alone be shamed by their parents too.
159	The report is the first to focus exclusively on how the obesity epidemic affects children with special needs while providing innovative solutions.
95	My daughters autism is not because i was overweight or vaccinated her.
442	"It 's not fun to be the  fat '' kid or an adult struggling with your weight."""
436	Parents may experience more difficulty losing weight than their children.
356	Blaming the parents overlooks a lot of other factors.
286	What I mean is that I do n't think we should blame parents for unintentionally passing on bad habits.
438	They use the same excuses adults do.
306	If you suspect your child is obese take him to a doctor to measure his body mass index (BMI)
191	Schoolchildren should be put on the scales and measured every time they have a health check, because parents and doctors can no longer identify weight problems purely on sight.
192	parents should check their children 's weight with their GP on a regular basis.
64	As a basic minimum, social services or health visitors should talk to the families involved, give them advice and show them how to provide healthy meals.
321	recommendations that focus on small but permanent changes in eating may work better than a series of short-term changes that ca n't be sustained.
153	At a time when obesity in children has already become an epidemic, this book should be a must for all parents.
371	They will be prescribing lifestyle advice before prescribing drugs - but increasingly it appears that their patients demand the latter or even bypass their GP to buy their pills over the counter.
339	Above anything else, if your child has an issue with weight it is important not to ridicule or pass judgment because s/he is well aware of his/her weight and feels the psychological effects from peers.
140	Assure them that they can come to you with problems and that you will listen to them and not judge them or put them down.
379	school should concentrate efforts on making sure that lunches were healthier and increased use of physical activity.
326	The healthiest way to change weight is gradually.
93	To maintain a healthy weight, you need to use (or ' burn ') the energy from the foods you eat.
30	In 1994-1996, adolescent girls and boys only consumed 12 and 30 percent, respectively, of the Food Guide Pyramid 's serving recommendations for dairy; and 18 and 14 percent, respectively, of the serving recommendations for fruit.
39	Experts recommend that by 2 years of age children should not be drinking from a bottle, but a national study led by Temple researchers has found that the practice is still common at that age and further, it could contribute to childhood obesity.
28	Daily total energy intake that children derived from energy dense (high calorie) snacks increased by approximately 121 kilocalories between 1977 and 1996.
41	It will also be important to demonstrate that making deliberate changes to a woman 's fat intake during pregnancy has desirable effects on weight and fatness in children,
322	Reducing caloric intake is the easiest change.
178	children must learn to regulate their own intake, by responding to internal hunger and satiety cues.
31	Soda consumption increased dramatically in the early to mid 1990s.
361	For many kids, food is an escape from anxiety and stress.
139	The parents may be going through a divorce and be too caught up in their own lives and neglect the child, which could cause them to turn to food for comfort.
149	A third of young people admit they turn to food when they are unhappy about their love lives, a survey has shown.
136	How do we recalibrate family eating habits when food has become a primary tool for social interaction and stress reduction?
275	Parents, however, are not fully realizing the impact their own stress is having on their children.
138	In families where feelings are not allowed to be expressed or problems are not discussed, the teenager may end up feeling sad, alone, confused and may find that eating helps to comfort them and make the feelings disappear for a while.
280	Children who are overweight are more likely than children of normal weight to report eating (27 percent vs. 14 percent) or taking a nap (26 percent vs. 15 percent) to make themselves feel better when they are stressed.
362	Overeating no longer has to be a coping mechanism when you are more emotionally resilient.
208	Believe it or not, there is no official diagnosis mental health clinicians use to determine the potentially complicated psychological process of overweight in children.
221	Access to a responsible, trustworthy adult will be a tremendous asset to your child 's emotional well being.
363	Emotionally coach your child to deal with his negative emotions by talking them out.
158	As parents we really need to acknowledge our responsibility for our own inept emotional aptitude in terms of the way we deal with our emotions before we can expect any lasting change in the way our children handle their emotions.
215	Talk to your child about healthy food choices.
220	Talk to your child about the reasons we eat - to nourish ourselves - and help her have an awareness of eating for non-hunger reasons.
133	Portion size is important.
40	Later phases will urge consumers to avoid oversize portions, enjoy their food but eat less of it and drink water instead of sugary drinks.
77	Teaching children to eat slowly, with manners also helps them learn to regulate appetite because they give their body time to send their brain the signal that they are full.
29	Portion sizes increased between 1977 and 1996.
247	BMI is used because it provides a reasonable estimate of adiposity (body fatness) , and it relates to adverse health outcomes.
427	In an effort to combat childhood obesity, many schools are now measuring students ' Body Mass Index (BMI) and sending letters home to the parents of children whose BMIs indicate they are at risk of being or are already overweight.
248	children who have a BMI greater than the 95 th percentile for their age and their gender are considered obese
94	According to the World Health Organization, someone whose Body Mass Index (weight (kg) / height (m) 2) is greater than or equal to 30 is considered obese.
377	Children 's fatness, however, should not be assessed on waist measurement alone: their body mass index [BMI] should be calculated and referenced on a BMI growth chart.
21	Other studies indicate that 50-70 percent of a person 's BMI and degree of adiposity (fatness) is determined by genetic influences and that there is a 75 percent chance that a child will be overweight if both parents are obese, and a 25-50 percent chance if just one parent is obese.
163	multiple ecological factors influence the BMI of the preschooler leading to obesity.
110	Understanding cultural values and beliefs regarding health status and overweight of Mexican American families should be a priority for school nurses.
111	Maternal perceptions of early childhood overweight appear to differ among Mexican-origin women living in Mexico and California.
183	There needs to be a focus on general parenting skills,
197	Health care professionals have pointed out that many mothers who had overweight children did n't feel that their children were overweight.
23	The causes of childhood obesity are multi-factorial.
160	A child 's weight is impacted by a variety of factors - some close to home and others influenced by public policies made hundreds or thousands of miles away.
375	Paediatricians in New York are claiming that phthalates, chemical ingredients in 70 % of cosmetics and some household cleaning products have been shown to throw the body 's natural weight control system off kilter.
209	Some children 's obesity can be traced to medical conditions, chemical sensitivity, or even adrenal gland function.
287	leading researches to conclude that childhood obesity may be the result of learned behavior.
203	Obesity still carries the stigma of afflicting only the weak-willed or lazy, when many other external factors and complex behavioral issues underlie its development.
290	WebMD believes that the responsibility for the cause and the treatment of childhood obesity lies with the parents.
25	Specific causes for the increase in prevalence of childhood obesity are not clear and establishing causality is difficult since longitudinal research in this area is limited.
70	Obesity may be one manifestation of dysregulation in the functioning of the stress response system,
82	Causes of obesity in children include unhealthy food choices, lack of physical activity and family eating habits.
205	The pathways leading to obesity and mental health conditions are highly varied.
317	New scanning techniques have allowed Imperial College, London, scientists to examine fat in babies whilst still in the womb.
272	Hormonal abnormalities that lead to increased weight gain in children typically are associated with short stature or poor height growth.
69	The addition of each factor had a slight effect on the relationship between attachment security and later obesity.
37	Another research gap stems from lack of a prospective longitudinal study that links dietary and other behavior patterns to development of obesity.
7	In the most recent survey, more than 30 percent of children were considered at risk.
170	Spending time with your family away from the television is not only good for your physical health, but it helps strengthen the emotional health of your family as well.
35	Influence of the home environment on the development of obesity in children.
26	Children are getting more of their food away from home.
346	They are pursuing the hypothesis that if babies are not exposed to normal labour the normal metabolic development is distorted with significant overweight being a result.
24	Most factors of overweight and obesity do not work in isolation and solely targeting one factor may not going to make a significant impact on the growing problem.
4	It s probably not a good idea to use food as a calmer, he said, adding that parents of these children might benefit from education programs.
345	Until the school system begins to put back domestic science and cookery lessons onto the curriculum, obesity figures will be ever so.
390	Programs that support parents during their child 's early years hold promise for obesity prevention,
182	In one program, called ParentCorps, 24 percent of children were obese by about age eight.
184	By the age of eight, the researchers found, children in the program had less than half the rate of obesity as their control-group peers did.
54	They are obsessed with the child 's appearance, weight, education, athletic ability, talent, manners, friends and so on.
229	MANY parents are '' in complete denial '' about their child 's weight, obesity specialists say.
55	They therefore tend to push their children to do things that they themselves could not do, being totally oblivious to the child 's needs and capabilities.
72	The worst thing a parent can do is have their child focus on weight loss as a goal,
227	Obese children may endure teasing, difficulties with physical activities, and self-esteem problems related to negative media images.
300	Obese children are subject to teasing and can be socially isolated by their peers.
49	NAAFA is a non-profit organization that works to eliminate discrimination based on body size through empowerment, public education, advocacy, and member support.
44	But many parents resisted; some were worried that students would be tested using calipers or that they would be teased or go on unnecessary diets.
389	Discriminating against the obese is deplorable with the psychological aspects of obesity often overlooked.
399	Kids who experience bullying can become depressed, develop low self-esteem, avoid school, feel physically ill, and even think about killing themselves.
63	Children from poorer families have benefited most from the turnaround, the study of Victorians shows.
409	In deciding what the children would eat, 57 percent of parents chose for their children, 31 percent let the child choose, and 6 percent said they chose together.
315	Researchers at the Glasgow University confirm that bigger families are having bigger children and that daughters seem to inherit more from their mother.
388	It pledges ultimately to reduce sugars, saturated fats and calories [20 %] by 2020 and sodium content [15 %] by 2015.
109	Four main themes evolved as a result of the data analysis: parental perception of overweight, parental practices, household food security status, and acculturation.
147	The Priory Group, which treats people with eating disorders, questioned 1,000 people, and found those aged 15 to 24 had the worst relation with food.
378	To-day 's publication of the journal of the American Medical Association states that putting children temporarily in foster care is in some cases more ethical than obesity surgery.
433	In this study they examine what happens to parents ' weight, physical activity and cardiovascular disease risk factors when their children are being treated for obesity and test their belief by comparing two approaches; one targeting the parents only, the other targeting the children only.
190	The National Obesity Observatory (NOO) provides a single point of contact for wide-ranging, authoritative data and evidence on overweight, obesity and their causes.
285	54 percent agreed that being physically active was extremely or very important, but just 27 percent were happy with their achievement in this area.
383	In the 20 countries involved in the project, information on food industry practices with regard to food marketing to children was collected.
282	More than half of parents (56 percent) say that it takes some or a great amount of effort to get their families to eat healthy foods.
181	Experts are recommending that overweight children should undergo mandatory screening for Type 2 diabetes.
347	Novo Nordisk is now attempting to establish a higher dose of Victoza diabetes drug as a viable weight-loss drug for non-diabetics.
273	many overweight children have evidence of insulin resistance.
148	As juvenile obesity rates in the United States continue to escalate, parents need to be aware that their children are at risk of developing Type 2 diabetes.
401	"about 3,700 Americans under the age of 20 receive a diagnosis annually of what used to be called  adult-onset '' diabetes,"""
132	An overweight five-year-old with adult-onset diabetes is a warning we all should heed.
117	Overweight is linked to increased risk of heart disease, type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, certain cancers, and other chronic conditions.
141	Children are now being commonly diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes due to being overweight and inactive.
187	Obesity can have a severe impact on people 's health, increasing the risk of type 2 diabetes, some cancers, and heart and liver disease.
343	It is essential that schools begin to shoulder a responsibility to educate everyone in maintaining a healthy weight and avoiding the non-communicable diseases that may result from beging dangerously overweight - type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular issues and some cancers.
96	We have children that have Type 2 Diabetes, that often has heart, renal or ocular damage prior to its onset!
259	Overweight children who have insulin resistance have an increased incidence of developing diabetes mellitus in adolescence, especially when there is a family history of diabetes.
402	It 's crucial, she says, to find those children before their condition progresses to diabetes so that it can be reversed by lifestyle changes, without medication.
22	Obesity in adulthood increases the risk of diabetes, h igh blood pressure, high cholesterol, asthma, arthritis, and a general poor health status.
424	The Food and Drug Administration has begun to explore the effects of putting nutrition labels on the front of food packaging, and how it can be effectively implemented.
407	Calorie labeling in fast-food restaurants has no effect on the food purchases of parents or teens in low-income neighborhoods,
288	Not only do parents have a duty not to cause harm, there is an additional obligation to protect their children.
11	Several studies suggest that breastfeeding offers a small but consistent protective effect against obesity in children.
152	When conflicts do occur, constructive parenting practices (modeling, praise, goal-setting, problem-solving, and self-monitoring, for example) can help us avoid making matters worse and begin to turn things around.
354	Instructing your child not to have a second helping can be difficult when you are tired.
328	Find out what you can do to help your child live a stronger, healthier life.
235	Child Care gives the support providers need by providing tools and resources for healthy eating and active living in child care centers and homes.
289	So, apart from anything else, parents need to have a basic level of competence if they are to meet society 's expectations for the protection and care of vulnerable children.
291	Parents must be able to identify warning signs and support their children as they look to adopt and live healthier lives.
316	Measures should now be considered to nip obesity in the bud - at school.
36	Primary prevention is not an option for many children who are already overweight.
45	Parents and children must become informed about healthy living, she said; environments near schools must change, offering healthier options in stores and corner markets that students may pass walking to and from school; marketing of junk food to children must be scaled back.
376	They suggest a link to childhood obesity and adult weight problems.
380	A US study has found that children whose parents were told that they were overweight were no more likely to lose weight than parents who were not told.
46	Officials will receive information on the nutrient and calorie counts of the food children have actually consumed.
188	Sharing a child 's results with the parents gives them the information they need to make the best possible decisions about their child 's health.
134	Always eat a healthy diet.
270	A nutritionist often is helpful in evaluating a child 's eating patterns and in educating families how to make healthy low calorie choices.
13	Birch and Fisher posit that exposure to fruits and vegetables and foods high in energy, sugar and fat may play an important role in establishing a hierarchy of food preferences and selection in kids.
368	Pediatricians say there are easy and effective ways to get your kids to eat well other than playing the food enforcer.
216	Help her distinguish between unhealthy popular foods and healthy choices.
143	Parents should encourage their children to eat a wide variety of foods so that their kids do not end up eating the same things every day.
396	You can tell your children how to eat well, but experts say it 's better to show them.
76	If parents only have healthy food at home, it does n't matter how ravenous a child 's appetite, if they can only gorge themselves on broccoli or apples then they wo n't get fat.
284	58 percent agreed eating healthy was extremely or very important but just 31 percent thought they were doing an excellent or very good job in doing so.
236	It presents tasty snack and meal ideas along with strategies to deal with picky eaters.
426	Getting people to make these healthy choices and sustain them over time is very much a challenge.
277	How often adults eat healthy foods can be related to their child 's weight.
217	Learn about organic foods.
144	Duke Medicine experts say now is the time for parents and children to discuss healthy eating habits.
364	It is a great appetite suppressant and will increase his endorphins.
369	Parents need to avoid the bickering and control games that make meals tense and unappetizing.
122	Dinner table tantrums and cries of distaste are a familiar scene to many households, leaving parents to come up with clever ways to coax vegetables into fussy tummies.
232	The CDC estimates that 61 % of obese young people have at least one additional risk factor for heart disease, such as high cholesterol or high blood pressure.
233	The CDC and the American Academy of Pediatrics recommend the use of BMI to screen for overweight and obesity in children beginning at 2 years old.
2	Temperament also played a role in weight for children with normal-weight parents.
5	If we can identify kids with difficult temperaments we could educate parents not to use food as a reward.
3	Agras said it is likely that parents with emotional children feed them to reduce the frequency of tantrums instead of using non-food methods.
434	if treating childhood obesity using parents as the sole agents of change results in just a few or small improvements in parental weight, physical activity and cardiovascular disease risk, compared with giving children sole responsibility, then this approach is worth using.
243	The child 's responsibility is to decide how much he/she wants to eat (within reason) If the child does not like what is offered, the parents ' job is not to find something the child will eat.
387	The government has really to be prepared to use legislation to tackle obesity.
179	Obesity is a public health problem, not a child protection issue.
65	The nation 's expanding waistline threatens to have a devastating impact on our public services.
404	"Starting in March, more than 17,500 pediatricians ' offices are to receive free copies of  The Very Hungry Caterpillar, '' packaged with growth charts and a reading guide designed to help parents use the story to talk to their young children about healthy eating."""
421	Let 's Move! is first time food issues have had this kind of legitimacy at this high a government level,
113	Many African-American parents emphasized children 's growing appetites and preferences for fast food.
253	Meals at restaurants tend to be very caloric because they are served in large portions, and they are high in fat and calories
161	Overweight children consumed significantly more fruit, bread and other carbohydrates, and total calories, than did normal weight children.
373	American researchers have discovered that meals in a fast-food lunch restaurant located inside a children 's hospital accounted for up to 50 % of a child 's daily calorific needs.
428	The soda machines, the candy sales, and the items for sale offered in the cafeteria are a real problem.
443	Children do n't just feed themselves or pay for their own junk food.
254	there is no evidence that children are born with a preference for high fat foods.
1	Is it abusive to overfeed or feed your child garbage foods?
120	It is important that all family members are involved and are willing to make necessary changes themselves.
53	Uninvolved parents are, detached, dismissive or hands-off.
392	The new study led by Laurie Miller Brotman, PhD, professor of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry and Director of the Center for Early Childhood Health and Development at the NYU Child Study Center investigated whether early family intervention that was effective for parents of children with behavior problems, resulted in lower rates of obesity.
230	Parental involvement in obesity treatment is crucial for children to develop healthy eating habits.
395	In the larger study, without intervention, more than half of the children with early behavior problems were obese by second grade.
416	For kids trying to lose weight and get in shape, parent involvement may be essential.
394	Children who received family intervention during early childhood had significantly lower rates of obesity compared to children in the control group.
332	From a very young age a parent should already attempt to instill healthy eating habits and promote physical activity.
397	Children must learn from their parents and caregivers to value themselves, eat nutritiously, and get proper exercise and rest.
97	As a society, we have put convenience ahead of health.
102	Stocking the refrigerator and pantry with processed foods and sugary snacks may be convenient but it is detrimental to your diet and health.
103	If everyone unites together the childhood obesity rate will decrease and our children will be healthier and happier.
212	"First, the  clean your plate '' rule, a well-meaning standard in both of these girls ' lives, can be counterproductive."""
260	The timing of puberty may occur on the early side in overweight children.
174	The first 1,000 days of a child 's life, from conception to 2 years of age, are a critical developmental period.
312	Producing a dependable ORT is arguably the most important innovation in reducing/preventing childhood obesity.
439	It 's about health.
14	Children left unsupervised after school may make poor nutritional choices and engage in more sedentary activities.
263	Overweight children may have obstructive sleep apnea, a condition that occurs when there is an obstruction in the upper airway, making breathing difficult during sleep.
344	Nearly 60 % of people worry about friends or family who have large waistlines but feel prevented from talking to them about their size.
418	A higher taste threshold could indicate that children with chronic OME need to eat more food to get the sweet and salty tastes they crave,
218	Plan out menus together and encourage your child to participate in meal preparation.
415	Such alterations were enough to actually change the way the youngsters tasted the food.
386	Sending letters to parents is a waste of time.
60	The director of weight management services at the Children 's Hospital at Westmead, Louise Baur, said it was easier for parents to control children 's weight in preschool, but children were subject to more outside influences when they reached school age.
398	The leading substance-abuse threat to children may be as close as your refrigerator.
335	If your child already appears to have a problem with weight, all hope is not lost.
