However, we have found that stimulants, and other prescription drugs, are not the only effective interventions for ADHD.
	we have found that stimulants, and other prescription drugs, are not the only effective interventions for ADHD.
For example, a treatment may be known to help children with ADHD, but it may be effective for only a minority of the ADHD population and the specific subgroup it is effective for is not clearly defined.
	a treatment may be known to help children with ADHD, but it may be effective for only a minority of the ADHD population and the specific subgroup it is effective for is not clearly defined.
Alternative and complementary treatments usually aren't carefully tested or judged by a group of experts.
	Alternative and complementary treatments usually are n't carefully tested or judged by a group of experts.
Chiropractic Some chiropractors believe that chiropractic medicine (therapy that adjusts the spinal column to treat illnesses) is better than medical treatments for ADHD.
	Some chiropractors believe that chiropractic medicine (therapy that adjusts the spinal column to treat illnesses) is better than medical treatments for ADHD.
Sometimes people look for treatments for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) that they hope will work together with -- or even instead of -- their doctor's treatments.
	Sometimes people look for treatments for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) that they hope will work together with -- or even instead of -- their doctor 's treatments.
Two ADD alternative treatments that show promise in increasing children's attention and focusing abilities include biologic and auditory feedback.
	Two ADD alternative treatments that show promise in increasing children 's attention and focusing abilities include biologic and auditory feedback.
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder or ADHD affects 3-5% of all children.
	Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder or ADHD affects 3-5 % of all children.
If your Child has ADHD , he or she needs your help, guidance and understanding.
	If your Child has ADHD, he or she needs your help, guidance and understanding.
But, when a child's impulsivity, hyperactivity or inability to concentrate begins to affect his performance at school or his relationship with family and friends, then professional help is needed.
	when a child 's impulsivity, hyperactivity or inability to concentrate begins to affect his performance at school or his relationship with family and friends, then professional help is needed.
Some kids simply cannot tolerate any stimulant, no matter how low the dosage.
	Some kids simply can not tolerate any stimulant, no matter how low the dosage.
Try an alternative treatment for ADHD such as natural herbal remedies before you turn to prescription medication .
	Try an alternative treatment for ADHD such as natural herbal remedies before you turn to prescription medication.
Prescription medication and standard psychosocial/behavioral treatments have been "extensively and well reviewed in the extant literature, with undoubted efficacy."
	"Prescription medication and standard psychosocial/behavioral treatments have been  extensively and well reviewed in the extant literature, with undoubted efficacy."""
The average course of treatment can range from $2,000 to $5,000.
	average course of treatment can range from $ 2,000 to $ 5,000.
Monastra's results indicate that "patients who did not receive the therapy lost most of the positive effects of treatment one week after they were taken off medication."
	"Monastra 's results indicate that  patients who did not receive the therapy lost most of the positive effects of treatment one week after they were taken off medication."""
"For children with demonstrated deficiencies of any nutrient (e.g., zinc, iron, magnesium, vitamins), correction of that deficiency is the logical first-line treatment.
	For children with demonstrated deficiencies of any nutrient (e.g., zinc, iron, magnesium, vitamins) , correction of that deficiency is the logical first-line treatment.
"No systematic data regarding ADHD efficacy could be found for hypericum, Gingko biloba, Calmplex, Defendol, or pycnogenol."
	No systematic data regarding ADHD efficacy could be found for hypericum, Gingko biloba, Calmplex, Defendol, or pycnogenol.
There is "no systematic data on optometric training for ADHD despite its widespread use."
	"There is  no systematic data on optometric training for ADHD despite its widespread use."""
Several homeopathic studies have also been conducted on ADHD children ( Lamont, 1997 ) and statistically significant improvement have been shown.
	Several homeopathic studies have also been conducted on ADHD children (Lamont, 1997) and statistically significant improvement have been shown.
Some kids seems very sensitive to food additives or food colorings, or to sodas, or to cow's milk, or to sugars paired with carbohydrates.
	Some kids seems very sensitive to food additives or food colorings, or to sodas, or to cow 's milk, or to sugars paired with carbohydrates.
If you struggle too long without a break, you experience a condition that might be called "attention fatigue."
	"If you struggle too long without a break, you experience a condition that might be called  attention fatigue."""
But recent research suggests a possible relationship between ADHD and the foods one consumes.
	recent research suggests a possible relationship between ADHD and the foods one consumes.
A behavior therapy regimen can be developed by a pediatrician or a school psychologist or another mental-health worker.
	behavior therapy regimen can be developed by a pediatrician or a school psychologist or another mental-health worker.
"Drugs don't improve self-esteem, time management, or organizational skills.
	Drugs do n't improve self-esteem, time management, or organizational skills.
The latest news about exercise is that it helps kids push through past failures and attack things they didn't succeed at before.
	The latest news about exercise is that it helps kids push through past failures and attack things they did n't succeed at before.
"Rat studies show that exercise reduces learned helplessness.
	Rat studies show that exercise reduces learned helplessness.
That same burst of activity also elevates the brain's dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin levels.
	That same burst of activity also elevates the brain 's dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin levels.
When it comes to the treatment of Attention Deficit Disorder - ADD ADHD - or with problems of Attention, Impulse Control, Over-Activity, and/or Learning Problems in "the real world," there are a number of approaches to treatment that may work well.
	"When it comes to the treatment of Attention Deficit Disorder - ADD ADHD - or with problems of Attention, Impulse Control, Over-Activity, and/or Learning Problems in  the real world, '' there are a number of approaches to treatment that may work well."""
She says, "Reiki can be extremely helpful with ADHD as it can help quiet your mind, and assist with [finding] clarity and direction in your life.
	Reiki can be extremely helpful with ADHD as it can help quiet your mind, and assist with [finding] clarity and direction in your life.
Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, also known as ADHD , is a condition that runs in families.
	Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, also known as ADHD, is a condition that runs in families.
Talk to your doctor before trying any alternative therapy for your child's ADHD .
	Talk to your doctor before trying any alternative therapy for your child 's ADHD.
Essential fatty acids, such as fish oil or primrose oil may have some benefit for children with ADHD , but there is still a lot of research to be done.
	Essential fatty acids, such as fish oil or primrose oil may have some benefit for children with ADHD, but there is still a lot of research to be done.
Herbs can be calming, and some studies show they may play a role in memory and thinking, but none have been proven to help with the main symptoms of ADHD .
	Herbs can be calming, and some studies show they may play a role in memory and thinking, but none have been proven to help with the main symptoms of ADHD.
No studies have shown that homeopathy works in treating ADHD .
	No studies have shown that homeopathy works in treating ADHD.
Rather the most important advances in ADHD medications have been the with the improvement of, and greater variety of the delivery systems of the time tested drugs for ADHD.
	the most important advances in ADHD medications have been the with the improvement of, and greater variety of the delivery systems of the time tested drugs for ADHD.
Of all children referred to mental health professionals about 35% are referred for ADHD, more than for any other condition.
	Of all children referred to mental health professionals about 35 % are referred for ADHD, more than for any other condition.
Mindful awareness can also make people more aware of their emotional state, so they won't react impulsively.
	Mindful awareness can also make people more aware of their emotional state, so they wo n't react impulsively.
Researchers have talked about using mindfulness for ADHD for some time, but the question was always whether people with ADHD could really do it, especially if they're hyperactive.
	Researchers have talked about using mindfulness for ADHD for some time, but the question was always whether people with ADHD could really do it, especially if they 're hyperactive.
Hyperactivity has long been associated with sugary sodas and cheeks full of candy .
	Hyperactivity has long been associated with sugary sodas and cheeks full of candy.
She finds that when her daughter eats a well-balanced ADD-friendly diet , including vegetables, carbohydrates, fruits, and plenty of protein, her behavior tends to be more consistently under control.
	She finds that when her daughter eats a well-balanced ADD-friendly diet, including vegetables, carbohydrates, fruits, and plenty of protein, her behavior tends to be more consistently under control.
Controlled studies - the ones that compare kids who are on and off sugar - haven't found any link to attention or behavior in school-age children.
	Controlled studies - the ones that compare kids who are on and off sugar - have n't found any link to attention or behavior in school-age children.
ADHD isn't caused by an allergic reaction to food, or anything in food, including additives.
	ADHD is n't caused by an allergic reaction to food, or anything in food, including additives.
ATTEND helps 70% to be more focused, to get their work done, and to think more clearly.
	ATTEND helps 70 % to be more focused, to get their work done, and to think more clearly.
Easily Bored - Unless the task is very stimulating, like a video game or TV program or outside playing, those with attention disorders are often easily bored by a task - especially bored by homework, math tests, balancing checkbooks, or doing taxes, and many of these tasks just never get done.
	Unless the task is very stimulating, like a video game or TV program or outside playing, those with attention disorders are often easily bored by a task - especially bored by homework, math tests, balancing checkbooks, or doing taxes, and many of these tasks just never get done.
"Attention Deficit" impacts about 5% of children and teenagers, and about 3% of all adults.
	Attention Deficit '' impacts about 5 % of children and teenagers, and about 3 % of all adults.
A lot of teenagers, and even children, are prescribed antidepressants, somewhere from 1% to 1.5% of the population.
	A lot of teenagers, and even children, are prescribed antidepressants, somewhere from 1 % to 1.5 % of the population.
Study results report that St. John's Wort is not an effective natural treatment for ADHD in adults.
	Study results report that St. John 's Wort is not an effective natural treatment for ADHD in adults.
Adding a routine of daily rigorous exercise may help mitigate restlessness, chronic boredom, and impulsivity, which are hallmark symptoms of ADHD in adults .
	Adding a routine of daily rigorous exercise may help mitigate restlessness, chronic boredom, and impulsivity, which are hallmark symptoms of ADHD in adults.
No definitive, empirical data exists proving the efficacy and reliability of natural remedies as a treatment for adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder .
	No definitive, empirical data exists proving the efficacy and reliability of natural remedies as a treatment for adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Currently, traditional medicines and adult ADHD treatments represent the best and most effective way to treat adult ADHD.
	traditional medicines and adult ADHD treatments represent the best and most effective way to treat adult ADHD.
Discuss the dangers of "sexting" (sending sexually explicit photos by cellphone) and cyberbullying (sending intimidating, harassing messages).
	"Discuss the dangers of  sexting '' (sending sexually explicit photos by cellphone) and cyberbullying (sending intimidating, harassing messages)"""
"i think its really important for a younger child to have a phone especially in today's day and age.
	i think its really important for a younger child to have a phone especially in today 's day and age.
"i think a good age for a kid to get a cellphone is when they get into middle school or as a present for they're fifth grade graduation!"
	i think a good age for a kid to get a cellphone is when they get into middle school or as a present for they 're fifth grade graduation!
"i dont think people should wait until their kids are thirteen for them to buy thier kids a cell phone.
	i dont think people should wait until their kids are thirteen for them to buy thier kids a cell phone.
"The main con is the relation between exposure to radiation and susceptibility to brain tumors in later life.
	The main con is the relation between exposure to radiation and susceptibility to brain tumors in later life.
Considering how much dirty stuff goes around on the cell phones of teens these days (especially from girls), I personally do not think it is appropriate for a child under the age of 16 to own a phone.
	Considering how much dirty stuff goes around on the cell phones of teens these days (especially from girls) , I personally do not think it is appropriate for a child under the age of 16 to own a phone.
Kiddie cell phones will enable child predators to contact children without their parents' knowledge
	Kiddie cell phones will enable child predators to contact children without their parents ' knowledge
My dad is the only reason I don't have one, so my age is when you should give your child a phone. "
	My dad is the only reason I do n't have one, so my age is when you should give your child a phone.
She can only call or text the people in her contact list (which I control) and she signed a "contract" I made up with a list of rules and expectations and consequences should those be violated.
	"She can only call or text the people in her contact list (which I control) and she signed a  contract '' I made up with a list of rules and expectations and consequences should those be violated."""
So it's teaching her to budget time and not be on the phone too much.
	So it 's teaching her to budget time and not be on the phone too much.
The cost is reasonable at $15 a month for about 150 minutes of use.
	The cost is reasonable at $ 15 a month for about 150 minutes of use.
It doesen't matter if you can PAY for it, it's what happens once you GET it.
	It doese n't matter if you can PAY for it, it 's what happens once you GET it.
Since today's bullies often make use of cellphones, email and social media, students need to be taught how to use these powerful communication tools safely, with respect, dignity and awareness.
	Since today 's bullies often make use of cellphones, email and social media, students need to be taught how to use these powerful communication tools safely, with respect, dignity and awareness.
"The bulk of teens are 12 or 13 when they get their first cell phone - but remember this applies to teens who are 17 now and got their phones five years ago, as well as current 13 year olds who have had a phone for six months.
	The bulk of teens are 12 or 13 when they get their first cell phone - but remember this applies to teens who are 17 now and got their phones five years ago, as well as current 13 year olds who have had a phone for six months.
It's only been just under two years, but mobile technology use amongst children has increased rapidly.
	It 's only been just under two years, but mobile technology use amongst children has increased rapidly.
Don't text or talk while driving, biking or crossing streets as a pedestrian.
	Do n't text or talk while driving, biking or crossing streets as a pedestrian.
Now about 85% of kids under 17 and 61% of kids from 10 to 13 have a cellphone.
	Now about 85 % of kids under 17 and 61 % of kids from 10 to 13 have a cellphone.
Program everyone's numbers into their phones so they display the caller's name.
	Program everyone 's numbers into their phones so they display the caller 's name.
Some studies, using computer image modelling, show signals radiate farther into children's heads than adults.
	Some studies, using computer image modelling, show signals radiate farther into children 's heads than adults.
Cellphones, says another internal memo "have been linked to increasing incidence of childhood leukemia, brain and other cancers of the head and neck, memory problems, stress and migraine/neurological ailment."
	"Cellphones, says another internal memo  have been linked to increasing incidence of childhood leukemia, brain and other cancers of the head and neck, memory problems, stress and migraine/neurological ailment."""
"I would also suggest that cordless telephones and Wi-Fi and wireless games should be included in their recommendations for avoidance by children, and that these devices should not be used in close proximity to children," he said.
	I would also suggest that cordless telephones and Wi-Fi and wireless games should be included in their recommendations for avoidance by children, and that these devices should not be used in close proximity to children,
They have also urged the cellphone industry to refrain from marketing their products to children - a widespread practice in North America where phones' cartoonish images lure youngsters.
	They have also urged the cellphone industry to refrain from marketing their products to children - a widespread practice in North America where phones ' cartoonish images lure youngsters.
He doesn't need it till he starts having after school activities.
	He does n't need it till he starts having after school activities.
About two-thirds of 8- to 18-year-olds have their own cellphone, and about half of them send text messages on any given day, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation study.
	About two-thirds of 8 - to 18-year-olds have their own cellphone, and about half of them send text messages on any given day, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation study.
Todays kids are digital natives whose activities are fundamentally different than previous generations.
	Today 's kids are digital natives whose activities are fundamentally different than previous generations.
She and her husband have shot down their 11-year-old son's request for one because they think he's too young.
	She and her husband have shot down their 11-year-old son 's request for one because they think he 's too young.
Tweens  children from ages 8 to 12  are the new frontier for the cellphone industry.
	Tweens children from ages 8 to 12 are the new frontier for the cellphone industry.
Many parents see mobile phones for kids as a way to "parent on the go," to extend their oversight and remotely cover scheduling gaps.
	"Many parents see mobile phones for kids as a way to  parent on the go, '' to extend their oversight and remotely cover scheduling gaps."""
Occasionally, Jack forgets to text message from the bus, leading his mom to call the school in a panic to make sure he's there.
	Occasionally, Jack forgets to text message from the bus, leading his mom to call the school in a panic to make sure he 's there.
Only 23 percent of those whose kids have cellphones think their children are using them during school, while 65 percent of kids say they use...
	Only 23 percent of those whose kids have cellphones think their children are using them during school, while 65 percent of kids say they use
Next time I observe my children overly focused on their cells, I'll send them a text message: Put the phone away.
	Next time I observe my children overly focused on their cells, I 'll send them a text message: Put the phone away.
In France the health minister, Roselyne Bachelot, has taken such concerns public, issuing an alert in January urging parents to limit use, reducing childrens telephone calls to no more than six minutes.
	In France the health minister, Roselyne Bachelot, has taken such concerns public, issuing an alert in January urging parents to limit use, reducing children s telephone calls to no more than six minutes.
The Mobile Telecommunication and Health Research Program in Britain, which is financed by the state and local telecommunications industry, is in the early stage of organizing a childrens study.
	The Mobile Telecommunication and Health Research Program in Britain, which is financed by the state and local telecommunications industry, is in the early stage of organizing a children s study.
In December, Telefnica, which helped develop the MO1 and a more sophisticated version for young children, the Win1, announced a code of conduct for responsible use of mobile telephones by young customers.
	In December, Telef nica, which helped develop the MO1 and a more sophisticated version for young children, the Win1, announced a code of conduct for responsible use of mobile telephones by young customers.
When they are teens, we give them cellphones so they're never far from our help or advice.
	When they are teens, we give them cellphones so they 're never far from our help or advice.
For parents, it's a balancing act that takes practice.
	For parents, it 's a balancing act that takes practice.
Many issues must be considered when disciplining or suspending students with disabilities so that the student's right to a free and appropriate education is not violated.
	Many issues must be considered when disciplining or suspending students with disabilities so that the student 's right to a free and appropriate education is not violated.
Glasser's choice theory, also known as control theory, posits that humans have five basic needs and that all behavior is undertaken to meet or satisfy these needs.
	Glasser 's choice theory, also known as control theory, posits that humans have five basic needs and that all behavior is undertaken to meet or satisfy these needs.
Controlled access to school grounds also varied by locale, region, percent minority enrollment, percent of students eligible for free or reduced-price lunch, and principals' reported discipline problems.
	Controlled access to school grounds also varied by locale, region, percent minority enrollment, percent of students eligible for free or reduced-price lunch, and principals ' reported discipline problems.
Middle schools and high schools were more likely to report that they had experienced one or more incidents of any crime and one or more incidents of serious violent crime than elementary schools (table 7).
	Middle schools and high schools were more likely to report that they had experienced one or more incidents of any crime and one or more incidents of serious violent crime than elementary schools
Basically, a student can't be expelled if the misbehavior is related to a disability.
	Basically, a student ca n't be expelled if the misbehavior is related to a disability.
The better parents understand your school's discipline approach, the more fully they can help support positive school behavior in their children.
	The better parents understand your school 's discipline approach, the more fully they can help support positive school behavior in their children.
Preserving the child's dignity is always a top priority.
	Preserving the child 's dignity is always a top priority.
Highlight key aspects of your school's discipline work at PTA/PTO meetings and publish an overview of your school's approach to discipline in the parent handbook.
	Highlight key aspects of your school 's discipline work at PTA/PTO meetings and publish an overview of your school 's approach to discipline in the parent handbook.
When school leaders, teachers, and other school staff respect parents* and share information with them openly and frequently, parents are more likely to trust and work with the school to support their child's learning.
	When school leaders, teachers, and other school staff respect parents * and share information with them openly and frequently, parents are more likely to trust and work with the school to support their child 's learning.
Examine your school's beliefs about parents
	Examine your school 's beliefs about parents
Perhaps a specific negative behavior is the child's attempt to explain a hidden complaint or fear.
	Perhaps a specific negative behavior is the child 's attempt to explain a hidden complaint or fear.
Parents and teachers can strive to understand a child's behavior by opening up the child to a discussion about how they're feeling in school, or by meeting for a parent-teacher conference to address specific concerns and issues in order to brainstorm a plan of action.
	Parents and teachers can strive to understand a child 's behavior by opening up the child to a discussion about how they 're feeling in school, or by meeting for a parent-teacher conference to address specific concerns and issues in order to brainstorm a plan of action.
A striking premise throughout the book is that the work that supports children's positive behavior and productive learning is not only the leader's work, it is everyone's work.
	A striking premise throughout the book is that the work that supports children 's positive behavior and productive learning is not only the leader 's work, it is everyone 's work.
Teachers may have to deal with behavioral problems in the classroom, problems may include immaturity or a student's inability to focus and pay attention to class material.
	Teachers may have to deal with behavioral problems in the classroom, problems may include immaturity or a student 's inability to focus and pay attention to class material.
If a student's behavior is consistently disrupting the class, contacting the student's parents or seeking help from an administrator may be a good solution.
	If a student 's behavior is consistently disrupting the class, contacting the student 's parents or seeking help from an administrator may be a good solution.
Establish signals that get children's quick, quiet attention anytime and anywhere in school
	Establish signals that get children 's quick, quiet attention anytime and anywhere in school
I believe the approach for discipline should be handled in different manners based on the reasoning of he child's action.
	I believe the approach for discipline should be handled in different manners based on the reasoning of he child 's action.
The G.A.P. seeks to provide these students with an environment that promotes positive decision-making, self-discipline, positive social skills, and improved academic performance.
	G.A.P. seeks to provide these students with an environment that promotes positive decision-making, self-discipline, positive social skills, and improved academic performance.
" The mission of the Department of School Safety and Student Discipline is to create and maintain a safe and healthy environment at school, on school-owned vehicles and at all school sponsored activities and events for the benefit of our students, staff and visitors. "
	The mission of the Department of School Safety and Student Discipline is to create and maintain a safe and healthy environment at school, on school-owned vehicles and at all school sponsored activities and events for the benefit of our students, staff and visitors.
"Problem behavior of students in elementary and middle schools requires a preventive, whole-school approach [and] the foundation for such an approach lies in the emerging technology of positive behavior support" (p. 23).
	Problem behavior of students in elementary and middle schools requires a preventive, whole-school approach [and] the foundation for such an approach lies in the emerging technology of positive behavior support
Responsibility for each pupil's conduct should be assumed by all teachers of the school.
	Responsibility for each pupil 's conduct should be assumed by all teachers of the school.
... Management of student imbroglios, student discipline, and school decorum fall readily within the discretionary function exception to the Tort Claims Act.
	Management of student imbroglios, student discipline, and school decorum fall readily within the discretionary function exception to the Tort Claims Act.
In short, where a principal uses reasonable care and makes a professional judgment, based on all the circumstances, that a student should be suspended rather than expelled, courts are very likely to defer to that judgment rather than second-guess it.
	where a principal uses reasonable care and makes a professional judgment, based on all the circumstances, that a student should be suspended rather than expelled, courts are very likely to defer to that judgment rather than second-guess it.
Are good school discipline/student conduct policies in place in most schools in Canada?
	"Are  good '' school discipline/student conduct policies in place in most schools in Canada?"""
However, instead of the problem behaviour of vandalism and smoking we now talk of violence, weapons, gangs, and drugs/alcohol.
	instead of the problem behaviour of vandalism and smoking we now talk of violence, weapons, gangs, and drugs/alcohol.
Administrators were concerned about the possibility of unintended consequences of zero-tolerance policies (i.e. inappropriate suspension for a minor or single infraction) but were not aware of widespread misuse of such policies .
	Administrators were concerned about the possibility of unintended consequences of zero-tolerance policies (i.e. inappropriate suspension for a minor or single infraction) but were not aware of widespread misuse of such policies.
School order and discipline preferred over students rights.
	School order and discipline preferred over students ' rights.
As well, effective school policies cover the relevant issues as well as potential long-term solutions.
	effective school policies cover the relevant issues as well as potential long-term solutions.
PBS helps teachers develop "self-managing" classrooms and decrease discipline issues through such techniques as a "social contract."
	"PBS helps teachers develop  self-managing '' classrooms and decrease discipline issues through such techniques as a "" social contract."""
Students are placed for both mandatory and discretionary reasons based on the District's code of conduct and State law.
	Students are placed for both mandatory and discretionary reasons based on the District 's code of conduct and State law.
In 1995, Chicago Public Schools unveiled a "zero tolerance" policy that dramatically lowered the threshold for student expulsions.
	"In 1995, Chicago Public Schools unveiled a  zero tolerance '' policy that dramatically lowered the threshold for student expulsions."""
In the area of setting discipline policy, the percentage of teachers who thought that they had a lot of influence decreased notably as school level increased (from 42 percent of teachers at elementary schools to 31 percent at middle schools and 25 percent at secondary schools).
	In the area of setting discipline policy, the percentage of teachers who thought that they had a lot of influence decreased notably as school level increased (from 42 percent of teachers at elementary schools to 31 percent at middle schools and 25 percent at secondary schools)
Responsibility and accountability for one's own actions and their impact on others
	Responsibility and accountability for one 's own actions and their impact on others
Thus, restorative approaches recognize the human wish to feel safe, to belong, to be respected and to understand and have positive relationships with others.
	restorative approaches recognize the human wish to feel safe, to belong, to be respected and to understand and have positive relationships with others.
PBIS focuses on creating and sustaining primary (school-wide), secondary (classroom), and tertiary (individual) systems of support for positive behavior.
	PBIS focuses on creating and sustaining primary (school-wide) , secondary (classroom) , and tertiary (individual) systems of support for positive behavior.
This form indicates whether a student has committed a major or minor infraction.
	form indicates whether a student has committed a major or minor infraction.
For students at Conway Middle School who don't follow the rules, the school also has a step-by-step discipline plan that includes warnings, contacting parents, discipline referrals, detention, and parent conferences.
	For students at Conway Middle School who do n't follow the rules, the school also has a step-by-step discipline plan that includes warnings, contacting parents, discipline referrals, detention, and parent conferences.
NSBA and the other groups argued that the expanding use of social networking and other forms of online communication have led to "a stunning increase in harmful student expression that school administrators are forced to address with no clear guiding jurisprudence."
	"NSBA and the other groups argued that the expanding use of social networking and other forms of online communication have led to  a stunning increase in harmful student expression that school administrators are forced to address with no clear guiding jurisprudence."""
"It's not acceptable that these kids are being pushed out of school."
	It 's not acceptable that these kids are being pushed out of school.
POWER-PAC has called for education-oriented discipline programs as an alternative to excessive use of suspensions, which they say don't improve behavior or address underlying issues.
	POWER-PAC has called for education-oriented discipline programs as an alternative to excessive use of suspensions, which they say do n't improve behavior or address underlying issues.
Inadequate training in classroom management in teacher education and certification programs and in the School District's own teacher induction program limits these teachers' ability to implement fairly the School District's new "zero tolerance" discipline policy.
	"Inadequate training in classroom management in teacher education and certification programs and in the School District 's own teacher induction program limits these teachers ' ability to implement fairly the School District 's new  zero tolerance '' discipline policy."""
So they don't want to draw attention to their discipline problems."
	So they do n't want to draw attention to their discipline problems.
Frustrated or bored children are likely to act out, so it's important that children be engaged in their work.
	Frustrated or bored children are likely to act out, so it 's important that children be engaged in their work.
"Ultimately, there's only one kind of discipline that really works, and that's self-discipline.
	Ultimately, there 's only one kind of discipline that really works, and that 's self-discipline.
Teachers are expected not only to punish those who break the rules but also to congratulate those who don't.
	Teachers are expected not only to punish those who break the rules but also to congratulate those who do n't.
One new approach or discipline strategy can change the course of our child's development.
	One new approach or discipline strategy can change the course of our child 's development.
Show respect for your child's feelings and thoughts, while standing firm on your expectations for good behavior.
	Show respect for your child 's feelings and thoughts, while standing firm on your expectations for good behavior.
Some misbehavior is an expression of transitions in the school-age child's rapid development.
	Some misbehavior is an expression of transitions in the school-age child 's rapid development.
Giving in to an urge to scream teaches your child that it's okay to lose control when she's upset.
	Giving in to an urge to scream teaches your child that it 's okay to lose control when she 's upset.
It doesn't take long for your child to learn whether you really intend to enforce rules.
	It does n't take long for your child to learn whether you really intend to enforce rules.
Don't set rules unless you will consistently enforce them.
	Do n't set rules unless you will consistently enforce them.
Discipline can only work if all members of a child's community are on board.
	Discipline can only work if all members of a child 's community are on board.
School-site discipline management procedures, like classroom rules, routines, and standards, describe the "how to" of carrying out basic jobs at the school site.
	"School-site discipline management procedures, like classroom rules, routines, and standards, describe the  how to '' of carrying out basic jobs at the school site."""
Instituting school-site discipline management procedures puts into bold relief a dimension of the principal's role as instructional leader that is rarely appreciated.
	Instituting school-site discipline management procedures puts into bold relief a dimension of the principal 's role as instructional leader that is rarely appreciated.
And learning how to behave in an assembly is as much a part of the students' socialization as is learning how to behave in a classroom.
	learning how to behave in an assembly is as much a part of the students ' socialization as is learning how to behave in a classroom.
Teachers are responsible for their students' behavior in an assembly just as they are in the classroom.
	Teachers are responsible for their students ' behavior in an assembly just as they are in the classroom.
Should the situation become dangerous, the adult simply excuses him- or herself respectfully and leaves peaceably.
	Should the situation become dangerous, the adult simply excuses him - or herself respectfully and leaves peaceably.
A predictable, calming bedtime routine is often the key to a good night's sleep.
	A predictable, calming bedtime routine is often the key to a good night 's sleep.
Toddlers' drive for independence and an increase in their motor, cognitive and social abilities can interfere with sleep.
	Toddlers ' drive for independence and an increase in their motor, cognitive and social abilities can interfere with sleep.
In addition, their ability to get out of bed, separation anxiety, the need for autonomy and the development of the child's imagination can lead to sleep problems.
	their ability to get out of bed, separation anxiety, the need for autonomy and the development of the child 's imagination can lead to sleep problems.
Research has shown that up to 25% of pre-school children have a persistent sleep problem.
	Research has shown that up to 25 % of pre-school children have a persistent sleep problem.
A child's sleep problems can also cause unnecessary stress for you and the other members of your family.
	A child 's sleep problems can also cause unnecessary stress for you and the other members of your family.
This parent's child appears to be connecting the action of falling asleep with being rocked.
	This parent 's child appears to be connecting the action of falling asleep with being rocked.
If your child has an ongoing sleep problem, then you should talk to your child's doctor or to a sleep specialist.
	If your child has an ongoing sleep problem, then you should talk to your child 's doctor or to a sleep specialist.
Quiet sleepwalking can be observed in over 15% of children aged 5-12 years.
	Quiet sleepwalking can be observed in over 15 % of children aged 5-12 years.
A night terror (sleep terror) is most likely to occur in children aged 3-11 years and occurs in approximately 5% of children.
	A night terror (sleep terror) is most likely to occur in children aged 3-11 years and occurs in approximately 5 % of children.
The key problem is that they cannot settle themselves to sleep when alone.
	The key problem is that they can not settle themselves to sleep when alone.
Young children who wake up early and who do not return to sleep can be a major burden on parents, especially those parents who themselves are of an 'evening' disposition.
	Young children who wake up early and who do not return to sleep can be a major burden on parents, especially those parents who themselves are of an ' evening ' disposition.
For those children with full post-traumatic stress disorder and associated nightmares, one may suppress REM sleep using tricyclic antidepressants (imipramine) so as to provide settled sleep for a few weeks.
	children with full post-traumatic stress disorder and associated nightmares, one may suppress REM sleep using tricyclic antidepressants (imipramine) so as to provide settled sleep for a few weeks.
A plastic mouthguard worn at night may be used for severe teeth grinding.
	plastic mouthguard worn at night may be used for severe teeth grinding.
Systematic ignoring , scheduled waking and controlled comforting (with support for parents) have strong empirical support.
	Systematic ignoring, scheduled waking and controlled comforting (with support for parents) have strong empirical support.
4 - Sunlight plays a really important role in helping to establish our biological clocks so get outside for lots of fresh air and exercise in the day.
	Sunlight plays a really important role in helping to establish our biological clocks so get outside for lots of fresh air and exercise in the day.
Children who have sleep terrors usually don't remember the events the next morning.
	Children who have sleep terrors usually do n't remember the events the next morning.
Night terrors are fairly common in children and occur in approximately 5% of them, mostly between the ages of three to five.
	Night terrors are fairly common in children and occur in approximately 5 % of them, mostly between the ages of three to five.
Sleep associations are everything your child associates with falling to sleep and are often the key to understanding your child's sleep problem.
	Sleep associations are everything your child associates with falling to sleep and are often the key to understanding your child 's sleep problem.
But night waking still occurs in 36-45% of infants aged six months to one year to a degree that is considered problematic by parents.
	But night waking still occurs in 36-45 % of infants aged six months to one year to a degree that is considered problematic by parents.
Regardless of whether your child meets a clinical definition for a sleep problem, if you're concerned about your child's sleep for any reason, you should discuss your concerns with a professional.
	Regardless of whether your child meets a clinical definition for a sleep problem, if you 're concerned about your child 's sleep for any reason, you should discuss your concerns with a professional.
Sleep problems are very common, reportedly as high as 80% in children with ASD.
	Sleep problems are very common, reportedly as high as 80 % in children with ASD.
Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS), as part of the spectrum of sleep disordered breathing, has been relatively recently recognized as an important clinical phenomenon in children and adolescents.
	Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) , as part of the spectrum of sleep disordered breathing, has been relatively recently recognized as an important clinical phenomenon in children and adolescents.
OSAS is estimated to affect 1% to 3% of children, and has a peak prevalence in the preschool and early elementary school-aged years.
	OSAS is estimated to affect 1 % to 3 % of children, and has a peak prevalence in the preschool and early elementary school-aged years.
The behavioral manifestations of daytime sleepiness in young children, such as hyperactivity, clearly overlap with problematic behaviors that do not result from sleep deprivation/disruption.
	behavioral manifestations of daytime sleepiness in young children, such as hyperactivity, clearly overlap with problematic behaviors that do not result from sleep deprivation/disruption.
Other factors, such as an overall negative parental perception of both their child's bedtime and daytime behavior, may be operative.
	Other factors, such as an overall negative parental perception of both their child 's bedtime and daytime behavior, may be operative.
Every child's sleep needs are slightly different, and this may be largely determined by genetics and other factors.
	Every child 's sleep needs are slightly different, and this may be largely determined by genetics and other factors.
In general, younger children may sleep during the day and night, and as they get older they will sleep more at night and require fewer naps .
	In general, younger children may sleep during the day and night, and as they get older they will sleep more at night and require fewer naps.
Approximately 1% to 3% of preschool-aged children have sleep apnea, which peaks between the ages of 2 and 6 because of enlargement of the tonsils and adenoids and a proportionately small airway.
	Approximately 1 % to 3 % of preschool-aged children have sleep apnea, which peaks between the ages of 2 and 6 because of enlargement of the tonsils and adenoids and a proportionately small airway.
Sleep habits-both positive and negative-are established early in a child's life, often in infancy.
	Sleep habits-both positive and negative-are established early in a child 's life, often in infancy.
Since every child is different, sleep charts are not exact; however, there are some agreed-upon ranges for children of different ages*:
	Since every child is different, sleep charts are not exact; however, there are some agreed-upon ranges for children of different ages
Establish a schedule of the day's main events, such as the same waking time, nap time, and meal times.
	Establish a schedule of the day 's main events, such as the same waking time, nap time, and meal times.
Vary your child's daytime activities, making sure they are interesting and varied.
	Vary your child 's daytime activities, making sure they are interesting and varied.
Determine a simple bedtime routine that is well suited to your child, such as reading a book or talking for a few minutes about the day's events.
	Determine a simple bedtime routine that is well suited to your child, such as reading a book or talking for a few minutes about the day 's events.
Obesity, nasal allergies, neuromuscular diseases , the use of medications with sedative effects, sickle cell anemia , and a family history of OSA are all risk factors for the development of sleep apnea in children.
	Obesity, nasal allergies, neuromuscular diseases, the use of medications with sedative effects, sickle cell anemia, and a family history of OSA are all risk factors for the development of sleep apnea in children.
Allergic rhinitis and non-allergic rhinitis , resulting in nasal congestion , is another important risk factor for sleep apnea in children.
	Allergic rhinitis and non-allergic rhinitis, resulting in nasal congestion, is another important risk factor for sleep apnea in children.
Medical complications of untreated sleep apnea may include poor growth, high blood pressure, pulmonary hypertension , and heart failure .
	Medical complications of untreated sleep apnea may include poor growth, high blood pressure, pulmonary hypertension, and heart failure.
I believe that a baby who sleeps in his mothers bed soon after birth has less sleep problems and behavioural problems later in life.
	I believe that a baby who sleeps in his mother s bed soon after birth has less sleep problems and behavioural problems later in life.
Dont allow children to watch violent and scary movies on television.
	Don t allow children to watch violent and scary movies on television.
The duration of sleep differs at different ages and from child to child.
	duration of sleep differs at different ages and from child to child.
Other than nightmares, night waking is usually prolonged or restarted after a period of your child being able to sleep through the night, by some kind of change in your child's regular routine.
	Other than nightmares, night waking is usually prolonged or restarted after a period of your child being able to sleep through the night, by some kind of change in your child 's regular routine.
Star charts can be very helpful with the older child - 3.5 years+ - who is having problems with sleeping.
	Star charts can be very helpful with the older child - 3.5 years + - who is having problems with sleeping.
It may be that the present is not the time to try to change your child's sleep problem for a number of reasons.
	It may be that the present is not the time to try to change your child 's sleep problem for a number of reasons.
The times between visits to the bedroom lengthen gradually and you shouldn't go in if it sounds like your child is settling and becoming quieter.
	The times between visits to the bedroom lengthen gradually and you should n't go in if it sounds like your child is settling and becoming quieter.
Sleep disturbances have been linked to a number of negative consequences on children's daytime functioning, including their social and emotional well-being.
	Sleep disturbances have been linked to a number of negative consequences on children 's daytime functioning, including their social and emotional well-being.
If a child is experiencing daytime behavior problems or mood disturbances, it's important to assess if it is stemming from an underlying sleep disorder and to seek treatment.
	If a child is experiencing daytime behavior problems or mood disturbances, it 's important to assess if it is stemming from an underlying sleep disorder and to seek treatment.
A child with sleep terrors will scream uncontrollably and appear to be awake, but is confused and can't communicate.
	A child with sleep terrors will scream uncontrollably and appear to be awake, but is confused and ca n't communicate.
Offer the same set of comforters in the same order as the last part of the bedtime routine - a drink of water, a kiss, a teddy bear, a "night-night."
	"Offer the same set of comforters in the same order as the last part of the bedtime routine, a drink of water, a kiss, a teddy bear, a  night-night."""
Lying down with the child may be helpful initially, but doesn't help the child develop her own strategies for falling asleep.
	Lying down with the child may be helpful initially, but does n't help the child develop her own strategies for falling asleep.
"Children who were reported to sleep less in preschool were rated by their parents as more hyperactive and less attentive compared to their peers at kindergarten," Gaylor said.
	Children who were reported to sleep less in preschool were rated by their parents as more hyperactive and less attentive compared to their peers at kindergarten,
Sleep problems can affect a child's learning, mood, attention, behavior and health.
	Sleep problems can affect a child 's learning, mood, attention, behavior and health.
The parent then ignores the child's protests and crying until morning.
	The parent then ignores the child 's protests and crying until morning.
Extinction with parental presence allows the parent to remain in the child's room during the process.
	Extinction with parental presence allows the parent to remain in the child 's room during the process.
You should discuss your child's sleep problems with your child's doctor.
	You should discuss your child 's sleep problems with your child 's doctor.
Try to structure the evening so that your children can wind-down, relax, and get ready for a full night's sleep.
	Try to structure the evening so that your children can wind-down, relax, and get ready for a full night 's sleep.
Parental behaviours at bedtime -- especially their response to their childs nighttime awakenings -- play a big part in consolidating their childs sleep patterns.
	Parental behaviours at bedtime -- especially their response to their child s nighttime awakenings -- play a big part in consolidating their child s sleep patterns.
How parents behave at bedtime and during nighttime awakenings can determine how their childs sleep pattern evolves and how fast it consolidates.
	How parents behave at bedtime and during nighttime awakenings can determine how their child s sleep pattern evolves and how fast it consolidates.
But children who havent learned to fall asleep on their own call on their parents.
	But children who haven t learned to fall asleep on their own call on their parents.
Do not bring the child into the parents bed.
	Do not bring the child into the parent s bed.
Para- somnias are strongly associated with genetics and usually present in many family members.
	Para - somnias are strongly associated with genetics and usually present in many family members.
Narcolepsy is a rare chronic neurologic disorder that presents with daytime sleepiness, cataplexy (sudden loss of muscle tone triggered by emotional arousal such as laughter), hypnagogic hallucinations, and sleep paralysis.
	Narcolepsy is a rare chronic neurologic disorder that presents with daytime sleepiness, cataplexy (sudden loss of muscle tone triggered by emotional arousal such as laughter) , hypnagogic hallucinations, and sleep paralysis.
Sleep diaries can provide information on the child's bedtime, sleep onset time, rise time, and number of nocturnal awakenings and are typically kept for a period of 2 weeks.
	Sleep diaries can provide information on the child 's bedtime, sleep onset time, rise time, and number of nocturnal awakenings and are typically kept for a period of 2 weeks.
Actigraphy is an activity-based sleep-wakefulness monitoring method that provides continuous objective data of patients' sleep with night-to-night variability.
	Actigraphy is an activity-based sleep-wakefulness monitoring method that provides continuous objective data of patients ' sleep with night-to-night variability.
[24] [25] The management of insomnia in children should include education about normal sleep development, the establishment of appropriate and realistic expectations for the parents and child, and clear treatment goals.
	The management of insomnia in children should include education about normal sleep development, the establishment of appropriate and realistic expectations for the parents and child, and clear treatment goals.
About 25% of children experience some type of sleep-related problem during their development.
	About 25 % of children experience some type of sleep-related problem during their development.
"Some parental behaviors in turn predicted future bad dreams, total sleep time of less than 10 hours per night and sleep-onset latency [delays in falling asleep] of 15 minutes or more.
	Some parental behaviors in turn predicted future bad dreams, total sleep time of less than 10 hours per night and sleep-onset latency [delays in falling asleep] of 15 minutes or more.
"Parental strategies that were effective for early sleep difficulties (e.g. giving food or drink) may later become inappropriate to the child's age and needs.
	Parental strategies that were effective for early sleep difficulties (e.g. giving food or drink) may later become inappropriate to the child 's age and needs.
Clip 2: If a parent notices the child's behavior that's abnormalwhether it's inattention or daytime fatigue or sleepiness or irritability or aggressionand this is a persistent problem in the daytime that becomes a problem in school as well as in the home environment, then that is when the parents should seek a sleep specialist.
	If a parent notices the child 's behavior that 's abnormal -- whether it 's inattention or daytime fatigue or sleepiness or irritability or aggression -- and this is a persistent problem in the daytime that becomes a problem in school as well as in the home environment, then that is when the parents should seek a sleep specialist.
Clip 2: Infants who were sleeping less than 12 hours per day were more likely to be overweight at 3 years of age.
	Infants who were sleeping less than 12 hours per day were more likely to be overweight at 3 years of age.
If not treated, it may cause a variety of concerns such as heart disease, problem behaviour, learning difficulty, and growth problems [4]
	If not treated, it may cause a variety of concerns such as heart disease, problem behaviour, learning difficulty, and growth problems
This issue is often linked to other mental health issues such as depression, anxiety, and post-traumatic stress disorder [10] [11]
	This issue is often linked to other mental health issues such as depression, anxiety, and post-traumatic stress disorder
When parents or teachers have concerns about a child's school performance and/or behaviours, sleep problems may be an issue.
	When parents or teachers have concerns about a child 's school performance and/or behaviours, sleep problems may be an issue.
The Impact of Children's Sleep Problems on the Family and Behavioural Processes Related to their Development and Maintenance.
	The Impact of Children 's Sleep Problems on the Family and Behavioural Processes Related to their Development and Maintenance.
Which means keeping the bedtimes the same, but also not letting them sleep in much past their usual/appropriate wakeup time (ouch).
	Which means keeping the bedtimes the same, but also not letting them sleep in much past their usual/appropriate wakeup time
Toddlers also react to too-exciting days, arguments between parents, new daycare arrangements and other emotional factors.
	Toddlers also react to too-exciting days, arguments between parents, new day care arrangements, and other emotional factors.
Offer the same set of comforters in the same order as the last part of the bedtime routine, a drink of water, a kiss, a teddy bear, a "night-night."
	"Offer the same set of comforters in the same order as the last part of the bedtime routine, a drink of water, a kiss, a teddy bear, a  night-night."""
If you make the whole going-to-bed routine friendly, relaxed, and the same from night to night, you stand a better chance of things going smoothly.
	If you make the whole going-to-bed routine friendly, relaxed, and just the same from night to night, you stand a better chance of things going smoothly.
According to the National Sleep Foundation, "a child will spend 40% of his or her childhood asleep" and " by the age of two, most children have spent more time asleep than awake."
	"According to the National Sleep Foundation,  a child will spend 40 % of his or her childhood asleep '' and '' by the age of two, most children have spent more time asleep than awake."""
There's a lot going on while we sleep, and this is intensified for our children.
	There 's a lot going on while we sleep, and this is intensified for our children.
To preschoolers, animated violence is just as scary as real violence."
	To preschoolers, animated violence is just as scary as real violence.
Student federal land private loans have different terms and conditions, interest rates, and other regulations; therefore, they cannot be compared to each other.
	Student federal land private loans have different terms and conditions, interest rates, and other regulations; therefore, they can not be compared to each other.
However, if you are pursuing a private student loan on your own form a private lender, you won't have to drag your school into the process.
	if you are pursuing a private student loan on your own form a private lender, you wo n't have to drag your school into the process.
Fortunately, private student loan options exist to provide students and families a final source of funding to fill the financial gap between one's tuition bill and any financial aid received.
	private student loan options exist to provide students and families a final source of funding to fill the financial gap between one 's tuition bill and any financial aid received.
To apply for federal financial aid, you must submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
	To apply for federal financial aid, you must submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
The cosigner needs to have a healthy credit score.
	cosigner needs to have a healthy credit score.
A: Yes, credit history plays an important role when applying for loans.
	Yes, credit history plays an important role when applying for loans.
A: The Private Student Loans That Are Sent Directly To You are quite attractive in a way that the borrower has more flexibility and freedom.
	The Private Student Loans That Are Sent Directly To You are quite attractive in a way that the borrower has more flexibility and freedom.
A: No, private student loans issued direct to student and direct to consumer are one and the same thing.
	private student loans issued direct to student and direct to consumer are one and the same thing.
The interest rate may change after the student graduates.
	interest rate may change after the student graduates.
Lenders may offer improved or tougher terms based on the student's payment record.
	Lenders may offer improved or tougher terms based on the student 's payment record.
There is more than $10 billion in private student loans generated each year.
	There is more than $ 10 billion in private student loans generated each year.
A: Majority of the loan companies have removed the option of consolidation of private student loans.
	Majority of the loan companies have removed the option of consolidation of private student loans.
A: In case you have defaulted your private student loan, there are several consequences that you might have to face.
	In case you have defaulted your private student loan, there are several consequences that you might have to face.
A: DEALS consolidation loans are a kind of private student loans.
	DEALS consolidation loans are a kind of private student loans.
A: Private Student Loan Refinancing is popularly known as private student loan consolidation where several private loans of a borrower are consolidated in one monthly payment with a revised interest rate suiting the specifications of the borrower.
	Private Student Loan Refinancing is popularly known as private student loan consolidation where several private loans of a borrower are consolidated in one monthly payment with a revised interest rate suiting the specifications of the borrower.
A: Defaulting on Private Student Loans is not good since private lenders are stringent in the terms and conditions offered and mostly do not show any leniency in such a time.
	Defaulting on Private Student Loans is not good since private lenders are stringent in the terms and conditions offered and mostly do not show any leniency in such a time.
The Student Loan Network offers a variety of student loans for students , always search for scholarships and federal student loans first.
	The Student Loan Network offers a variety of student loans for students, always search for scholarships and federal student loans first.
A: Federal school loans, otherwise known as federal student loans, are loans offered by the federal government through the Department of Education.
	Federal school loans, otherwise known as federal student loans, are loans offered by the federal government through the Department of Education.
A: Federal student loans offer borrowers a number of advantages, and one of these is the allowance for students to defer repayment and to let them pay federal student loans back after they have completed their education.
	Federal student loans offer borrowers a number of advantages, and one of these is the allowance for students to defer repayment and to let them pay federal student loans back after they have completed their education.
A: Student federal loans offer a number of benefits over any other form of financial assistance to students.
	Student federal loans offer a number of benefits over any other form of financial assistance to students.
A: Federal government student loans are the least expensive and the easiest form of raising finance for education.
	Federal government student loans are the least expensive and the easiest form of raising finance for education.
Most lenders offer monthly repayment plans with varying yearly terms, so if you cannot manage to pay during college, you may be able to defer payments until after graduation.
	Most lenders offer monthly repayment plans with varying yearly terms, so if you can not manage to pay during college, you may be able to defer payments until after graduation.
Before you commit to taking out a student loan, chart a repayment plan with ideas regarding how you'll start making payments when they are due, and be ready to stick to this plan.
	Before you commit to taking out a student loan, chart a repayment plan with ideas regarding how you 'll start making payments when they are due, and be ready to stick to this plan.
If you're having trouble making your payments on the loan, consider filing for deferment or loan consolidation.
	If you 're having trouble making your payments on the loan, consider filing for deferment or loan consolidation.
A: Paying back Student Loans without deriving a proper plan often gets you into trouble.
	Paying back Student Loans without deriving a proper plan often gets you into trouble.
Once you get a job, start paying back your student loans by putting about 10% of your monthly paycheck towards them.
	Once you get a job, start paying back your student loans by putting about 10 % of your monthly paycheck towards them.
The federal school loans may be subsidized by the U.S. Government or may be unsubsidized depending on the student's financial need.
	federal school loans may be subsidized by the U.S. Government or may be unsubsidized depending on the student 's financial need.
It is important to file for the Stafford Loan first, then the PLUS loan .
	It is important to file for the Stafford Loan first, then the PLUS loan.
Undergraduate students can borrow up to $4,000 for each year of undergraduate study (the total amount you can borrow as an undergraduate is $20,000).
	Undergraduate students can borrow up to $ 4,000 for each year of undergraduate study (the total amount you can borrow as an undergraduate is $ 20,000)
The student loans are also given by various non-profit organizations with low interest rates.
	student loans are also given by various non-profit organizations with low interest rates.
Thus there are a lot of freedom/advantages associated with applying for student loans.
	there are a lot of freedom/advantages associated with applying for student loans.
Income level of student's future career and parent's income level are taken in consideration to determine the maximum eligible loan limit.
	Income level of student 's future career and parent 's income level are taken in consideration to determine the maximum eligible loan limit.
Students academic career, grants, scholarships (if any), are taken into consideration for most cases in applying for student loans.
	Students academic career, grants, scholarships (if any) , are taken into consideration for most cases in applying for student loans.
One should also see other terms and conditions such as "repayment terms" before selecting the student loan type giving the lowest interest rate.
	"One should also see other terms and conditions such as  repayment terms '' before selecting the student loan type giving the lowest interest rate."""
To apply for any of these nursing student loans , a student must file the Free Application for Federal Student Aid, also known as the FAFSA.
	To apply for any of these nursing student loans, a student must file the Free Application for Federal Student Aid, also known as the FAFSA.
Bank Student Loans , or private student loans, are one way that parents and students can choose to help pay for higher education.
	Bank Student Loans, or private student loans, are one way that parents and students can choose to help pay for higher education.
Student loans from banks should only be used as a final source of funding after all 'free money' awards and federal student loans have been exhausted.
	Student loans from banks should only be used as a final source of funding after all ' free money ' awards and federal student loans have been exhausted.
A: Good student loans are a great help for students enrolled in any degree program.
	Good student loans are a great help for students enrolled in any degree program.
Probably the most important message to a new potential borrower is to get your application in just as soon as you can - even if you're still quite some time away from having a confirmed offer of a place at college or university.
	Probably the most important message to a new potential borrower is to get your application in just as soon as you can - even if you 're still quite some time away from having a confirmed offer of a place at college or university.
Such federal loans are not based upon a student's credit rating, but instead on financial need.
	federal loans are not based upon a student 's credit rating, but instead on financial need.
If students have multiple student loans, then they can consolidate those loans into one loan; however, federal loans and private loans cannot be consolidated together.
	If students have multiple student loans, then they can consolidate those loans into one loan; however, federal loans and private loans can not be consolidated together.
A: Paying back student loans becomes a lot more difficult when you have multiple loans.
	Paying back student loans becomes a lot more difficult when you have multiple loans.
A: The Obama financial aid program is helping students who are receiving federal financial aid.
	The Obama financial aid program is helping students who are receiving federal financial aid.
Student loans are available for undergraduates, graduate students, and parents who want to help pay for their child's undergraduate education, and can be obtained through both the federal government and private lenders.
	Student loans are available for undergraduates, graduate students, and parents who want to help pay for their child 's undergraduate education, and can be obtained through both the federal government and private lenders.
Some cheap college loans require a co-signer, which usually is the applicant's parent or legal guardian.
	Some cheap college loans require a co-signer, which usually is the applicant 's parent or legal guardian.
These co-signers can also be removed after a specific amount of successful repayments.
	co-signers can also be removed after a specific amount of successful repayments.
To apply for federal loans, one must submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
	To apply for federal loans, one must submit the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
If you cannot prove financial need and the federal loan acquired does not fulfill your need, you can apply to various private loan sources such as private organizations, individuals, or banks.
	If you can not prove financial need and the federal loan acquired does not fulfill your need, you can apply to various private loan sources such as private organizations, individuals, or banks.
Private funding allows you to borrow as much as you desire but at an interest rate of the lender's choice.
	Private funding allows you to borrow as much as you desire but at an interest rate of the lender 's choice.
As a result of the change to 100% direct federal loans, the idea of a guaranteed student loan is now obsolete, unless the loan was taken out before July 1, 2010.
	As a result of the change to 100 % direct federal loans, the idea of a guaranteed student loan is now obsolete, unless the loan was taken out before July 1, 2010.
A: Finding guaranteed Student Loans with bad credit was not all that difficult until last year.
	Finding guaranteed Student Loans with bad credit was not all that difficult until last year.
A: All the previously disbursed guaranteed student loans without cosigner before the 2010 act will keep operating as they were.
	All the previously disbursed guaranteed student loans without cosigner before the 2010 act will keep operating as they were.
A: Consolidating private student loans allows a student borrower to combine all of his or her private student loans into one aggregate amount to be paid at the end of the month, as opposed to having a number of payments due at different times in a month.
	Consolidating private student loans allows a student borrower to combine all of his or her private student loans into one aggregate amount to be paid at the end of the month, as opposed to having a number of payments due at different times in a month.
Most students prefer private student loans to traditional loans, as they will pay back less interest on the loan due to the lower APR.
	Most students prefer private student loans to traditional loans, as they will pay back less interest on the loan due to the lower APR..
To get subsidized direct Stafford Loans, students need to demonstrate a degree of financial need on their Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
	To get subsidized direct Stafford Loans, students need to demonstrate a degree of financial need on their Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
A Chase Select Loan is a credit-based Chase Private Student Loan that must be certified by a student's financial aid office.
	A Chase Select Loan is a credit-based Chase Private Student Loan that must be certified by a student 's financial aid office.
A: To receive Chase Education loans, a student must be enrolled at least part-time in an accredited degree-granting program at a Chase-Select participating school.
	To receive Chase Education loans, a student must be enrolled at least part-time in an accredited degree-granting program at a Chase-Select participating school.
A: Consolidated Chase School loans offer students the benefit of paying one consolidated repayment amount after graduation instead of several different repayment amounts and at different times.
	Consolidated Chase School loans offer students the benefit of paying one consolidated repayment amount after graduation instead of several different repayment amounts and at different times.
Perkins loans are also subsidized, but you need to demonstrate "exceptional" financial need to qualify for one.
	"Perkins loans are also subsidized, but you need to demonstrate  exceptional '' financial need to qualify for one."""
A: Student loans without a cosigner offer an opportunity for individuals with a poor or nonexistent credit history to obtain funding for college.
	Student loans without a cosigner offer an opportunity for individuals with a poor or nonexistent credit history to obtain funding for college.
Perkins Loans are another type of federal VA student loans , and are awarded on the basis of extreme financial need.
	Perkins Loans are another type of federal VA student loans, and are awarded on the basis of extreme financial need.
Students will also need a credit-worthy co-signer in order to minimize the loan's APR, and the borrower can choose to start repaying while in school, or wait until six months after graduating.
	Students will also need a credit-worthy co-signer in order to minimize the loan 's APR, and the borrower can choose to start repaying while in school, or wait until six months after graduating.
Moreover, if the loan cannot be repaid due to any number of circumstances, the payment can be deferred for a certain amount of time.
	Moreover, if the loan can not be repaid due to any number of circumstances, the payment can be deferred for a certain amount of time.
Students can apply for the federal financial aid options via the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
	Students can apply for the federal financial aid options via the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
If grants, scholarships, and federal student loans aren't enough to cover the cost of attending college, then quick student loans can come into the picture.
	If grants, scholarships, and federal student loans are n't enough to cover the cost of attending college, then quick student loans can come into the picture.
A: Defaulted student loans are an extremely negative mark on your credit history since their consequences linger and will make it nearly impossible to take out another loan in the future.
	Defaulted student loans are an extremely negative mark on your credit history since their consequences linger and will make it nearly impossible to take out another loan in the future.
You will have to file the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid), on which you will find a list of borrower requirements.
	You will have to file the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) , on which you will find a list of borrower requirements.
A: Deferred student loan payments allow borrowers to not have to make payments against the principal amount of their loan while they are enrolled.
	Deferred student loan payments allow borrowers to not have to make payments against the principal amount of their loan while they are enrolled.
A: Student loan repayment terms and conditions depend on the type of loan.
	Student loan repayment terms and conditions depend on the type of loan.
Federal student loans offer lower interest rates and more favorable borrowing terms than private student loans generally do, making them the more desirable form of summer student loans .
	Federal student loans offer lower interest rates and more favorable borrowing terms than private student loans generally do, making them the more desirable form of summer student loans.
A: School loans are loans acquired by students to pursue higher education.
	School loans are loans acquired by students to pursue higher education.
A: Summer financial aid can be acquired from federal as well as private sources.
	Summer financial aid can be acquired from federal as well as private sources.
Students taking summer programs/courses can apply for federal loans, scholarships, grants, and work-study programs for summers by submitting the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
	Students taking summer programs/courses can apply for federal loans, scholarships, grants, and work-study programs for summers by submitting the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
A: Student Gov loans are loans offered to students by the federal government.
	Student Gov loans are loans offered to students by the federal government.
A: Chase Education Loans offer students the benefit of higher borrowing limits.
	Chase Education Loans offer students the benefit of higher borrowing limits.
Students can borrow up to the entire cost of education including education related expenses such as books, stationary, accommodation, travel, etc.
	Students can borrow up to the entire cost of education including education related expenses such as books, stationary, accommodation, travel, etc..
The Perkins student loan is another type of low interest student loan.
	Perkins student loan is another type of low interest student loan.
Commercial Loan Programs are essentially private Canadian student loans , and commercial Canadian student loans consist of direct-to-consumer loans and school channel loans.
	Commercial Loan Programs are essentially private Canadian student loans, and commercial Canadian student loans consist of direct-to-consumer loans and school channel loans.
Students must apply every year for the loan(s), and must show proof of enrollment within six months of their last semester in school to the lenders in order to maintain interest-free status.
	Students must apply every year for the loan (s) , and must show proof of enrollment within six months of their last semester in school to the lenders in order to maintain interest-free status.
As such, Perkins student loans are very desirable, but are only a possibility for students who have extreme need.
	Perkins student loans are very desirable, but are only a possibility for students who have extreme need.
Graduate students, on the other hand, can get up to $8,000 per year and $60,000 for a graduate program.
	Graduate students, on the other hand, can get up to $ 8,000 per year and $ 60,000 for a graduate program.
School channel loans are verified and directly disbursed to the school that the applicant is attending, where they are then applied against the student's tuition bill.
	School channel loans are verified and directly disbursed to the school that the applicant is attending, where they are then applied against the student 's tuition bill.
You should also remember to pursue federal loans before private student loans, as federal student loan rates are almost always lower than private student loan rates .
	You should also remember to pursue federal loans before private student loans, as federal student loan rates are almost always lower than private student loan rates.
If you apply for fixed student loans from a private lender, then you should be aware that you will need a good credit score or have a cosigner with a good credit score to get approval for fixed student loans .
	If you apply for fixed student loans from a private lender, then you should be aware that you will need a good credit score or have a cosigner with a good credit score to get approval for fixed student loans.
A: Fixed rate student loans have a number of benefits over adjustable interest rate loans.
	Fixed rate student loans have a number of benefits over adjustable interest rate loans.
Federal financial aid is based on need and not one's credit history, so federal student loans may be obtained by borrowers with bad credit.
	Federal financial aid is based on need and not one 's credit history, so federal student loans may be obtained by borrowers with bad credit.
A cosigner is not technically required for students; however, having a credit worthy cosigner is strongly recommended and almost essential to being approved for a student loan, and depending on your cosigner's credit history, the interest rate on the loan could be lowered.
	A cosigner is not technically required for students; however, having a credit worthy cosigner is strongly recommended and almost essential to being approved for a student loan, and depending on your cosigner 's credit history, the interest rate on the loan could be lowered.
The Custom Choice SunTrust student loan is offered only to US citizens and permanent residents, and a student's enrollment status must be at least half-time.
	The Custom Choice SunTrust student loan is offered only to US citizens and permanent residents, and a student 's enrollment status must be at least half-time.
If federal loans, scholarships, and grants aren't enough to cover your college expenses, consider the variety of USBank Student Loans available to college students.
	If federal loans, scholarships, and grants are n't enough to cover your college expenses, consider the variety of USBank Student Loans available to college students.
The No Fee USBank student loan has a variable interest rate that can be as low as the Prime rate +.20%, which means a minimum of 3.39% APR.
	The No Fee USBank student loan has a variable interest rate that can be as low as the Prime rate +.20 %, which means a minimum of 3.39 % APR..
If you set up an AutoPay mechanism on your No Fee USBank student loan, which involves loan payments being automatically deducted from your bank account once a month, you can receive a .50% interest rate reduction.
	If you set up an AutoPay mechanism on your No Fee USBank student loan, which involves loan payments being automatically deducted from your bank account once a month, you can receive a .50 % interest rate reduction.
As with the NoFee USBank student loan, the Fixed-Rate USBank Student Loan has a borrowing minimum of $1,000, and a maximum of the cost of education less any financial aid received.
	As with the NoFee USBank student loan, the Fixed-Rate USBank Student Loan has a borrowing minimum of $ 1,000, and a maximum of the cost of education less any financial aid received.
Federal college loans , available for undergraduates, graduate students, and parents, offer low fixed interest rates and flexible repayment terms.
	Federal college loans, available for undergraduates, graduate students, and parents, offer low fixed interest rates and flexible repayment terms.
Private consolidation loans , available through some banks and private lenders, allow you to consolidate all your eligible private education loans into a single loan with a single monthly payment that can simplify your finances.
	Private consolidation loans, available through some banks and private lenders, allow you to consolidate all your eligible private education loans into a single loan with a single monthly payment that can simplify your finances.
Often times, federal aid and scholarships are not enough to cover costs, and private student loans, such as Discover Student loans , are a good source of funding to cover the financial gap.
	Often times, federal aid and scholarships are not enough to cover costs, and private student loans, such as Discover Student loans, are a good source of funding to cover the financial gap.
To get a student loan you can use SimpleTuition's Student Loan Comparison Tool to view private student loan options from lenders like Sallie Mae, CitiBank, and Chase.
	To get a student loan you can use SimpleTuition 's Student Loan Comparison Tool to view private student loan options from lenders like Sallie Mae, CitiBank, and Chase.
Once you file the FAFSA, your application process will be complete, and you will receive an aid package from your school shortly thereafter, which may include Washington student loans.
	Once you file the FAFSA, your application process will be complete, and you will receive an aid package from your school shortly thereafter, which may include Georgia student loans.
However, most student loans also require a cosigner to guarantee that the borrowing student will repay the loan, or that the co-signer will step in to pay the loan in case the student fails to do so.
	most student loans also require a cosigner to guarantee that the borrowing student will repay the loan, or that the co-signer will step in to pay the loan in case the student fails to do so.
A: Student personal loans are recommended to students only when all federal loan options have been exhausted.
	Student personal loans are recommended to students only when all federal loan options have been exhausted.
Federal loans are government- administered, and are disbursed directly from the US Department of Education.
	Federal loans are government - administered, and are disbursed directly from the US Department of Education.
As such, it's difficult to keep track of all of the requirements, so be sure to be in touch with your school's financial aid office as well as with your lender.
	As such, it 's difficult to keep track of all of the requirements, so be sure to be in touch with your school 's financial aid office as well as with your lender.
As a baseline, any and all student loans will require the following criteria to approve you for a loan: you must have U.S citizenship or a co-signer who is a citizen, a valid Social Security Number (SSN), and a clean record, free of defaults or delinquencies in other loan programs, as well as felonies.
	As a baseline, any and all student loans will require the following criteria to approve you for a loan: you must have U.S citizenship or a co-signer who is a citizen, a valid Social Security Number (SSN) , and a clean record, free of defaults or delinquencies in other loan programs, as well as felonies.
To receive federal Georgia Student Loans, you have to file the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA), which will be used to determine your financial need and eligibility for Georgia Student Loans.
	To receive federal Georgia Student Loans, you have to file the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) , which will be used to determine your financial need and eligibility for Georgia Student Loans.
Private universities may come with a price tag of over $59,000, while public universities rarely cost below $8,000 for in-state students.
	Private universities may come with a price tag of over $ 59,000, while public universities rarely cost below $ 8,000 for in-state students.
These loans are provided by the U.S. Department of Education through the Federal Direct Student Loan Program (FDLP).
	These loans are provided by the U.S. Department of Education through the Federal Direct Student Loan Program (FDLP)
This loan is taken out in the graduate student's name, on their own signature and credit rating.
	This loan is taken out in the graduate student 's name, on their own signature and credit rating.
When you consolidate federal student loans into one single loan you realize a reduced monthly payment (up to 53% less), a longer repayment term, and a fixed interest rate.
	When you consolidate federal student loans into one single loan you realize a reduced monthly payment (up to 53 % less) , a longer repayment term, and a fixed interest rate.
But, sometimes these loans become a burden on students and it's like they have to get rid of these loans as soon as possible.
	sometimes these loans become a burden on students and it 's like they have to get rid of these loans as soon as possible.
Students can borrow up to $7,000 per school year.
	Students can borrow up to $ 7,000 per school year.
Many students with a bad credit history come under the impression that they won't be able to obtain loans.
	Many students with a bad credit history come under the impression that they wo n't be able to obtain loans.
However, students can avail a wide variety of education loans even if their credit history isn't good.
	However, students can avail a wide variety of education loans even if their credit history is n't good.
Co -signer Students who have bad credit can file an application for loan by co-signing with another family member with good credit history.
	Students who have bad credit can file an application for loan by co-signing with another family member with good credit history.
But students who are completely dependent on unsubsidized Stafford Loan because of their bad credit sometimes get less amount of loan as compared to students with high scores.
	students who are completely dependent on unsubsidized Stafford Loan because of their bad credit sometimes get less amount of loan as compared to students with high scores.
A: Typically, the bad credit students only qualify for those loans that do not require a credit history check and a credit worthy cosigner and such loans are provided under the federal government student loan programs.
	Typically, the bad credit students only qualify for those loans that do not require a credit history check and a credit worthy cosigner and such loans are provided under the federal government student loan programs.
A: Students with bad credit history must opt for the federally sponsored loans such as the Stafford Loans, PLUS Loans, and Perkins Loans.
	Students with bad credit history must opt for the federally sponsored loans such as the Stafford Loans, PLUS Loans, and Perkins Loans.
A: If you have bad credit and require financial assistance in getting your Masters Degree, there are many forms of financial aid that you can still use.
	If you have bad credit and require financial assistance in getting your Masters Degree, there are many forms of financial aid that you can still use.
A: Student loans requiring credit history are basically private loans that need a guarantee for payback.
	Student loans requiring credit history are basically private loans that need a guarantee for payback.
A: Poor credit student loans are loans that are given to students who have poor credit history.
	Poor credit student loans are loans that are given to students who have poor credit history.
Students in this era, pay 15% of their income towards their loan repayment every month that can leave them with little balance and sometime even in debt.
	Students in this era, pay 15 % of their income towards their loan repayment every month that can leave them with little balance and sometime even in debt.
If during the grace period you realize that you won't be able to make the scheduled payments, then it is a good time to start applying for student loan deferment.
	If during the grace period you realize that you wo n't be able to make the scheduled payments, then it is a good time to start applying for student loan deferment.
Sallie Mae's featured student loan is the Sallie Mae Smart Option Student Loan, which offers three flexible repayment plans, has competitive interest rates, no origination fees, and a borrowing limit of 100% of a student's school-certified costs of education, with a minimum amount of $1,000.
	Sallie Mae 's featured student loan is the Sallie Mae Smart Option Student Loan, which offers three flexible repayment plans, has competitive interest rates, no origination fees, and a borrowing limit of 100 % of a student 's school-certified costs of education, with a minimum amount of $ 1,000.
The Interest Repayment plan can enable you to save over 25% on the total cost of your Sallie Mae Student loan compared to the cost of the loan with deferred payments, and is a great option if you can afford to make interest payments while in school.
	The Interest Repayment plan can enable you to save over 25 % on the total cost of your Sallie Mae Student loan compared to the cost of the loan with deferred payments, and is a great option if you can afford to make interest payments while in school.
The Fixed Repayment plan requires you to pay just $25 a month on your Sallie Mae student loan while in school, and can enable you to save an average of 20% on the total cost of your Sallie Mae student loan when compared to a 15 year payment on a deferred private student loan.
	The Fixed Repayment plan requires you to pay just $ 25 a month on your Sallie Mae student loan while in school, and can enable you to save an average of 20 % on the total cost of your Sallie Mae student loan when compared to a 15 year payment on a deferred private student loan.
Your credit history can also play an important role in Refinancing Student Loans , so make sure your credit history is strong, or that you have a credit-worthy cosigner before you start the process of refinancing.
	Your credit history can also play an important role in Refinancing Student Loans, so make sure your credit history is strong, or that you have a credit-worthy cosigner before you start the process of refinancing.
Private companies sometimes delay or even cancel instant student loans .
	Private companies sometimes delay or even cancel instant student loans.
Massive budget cuts in the government's education funding program have left many students uncertain about their future education.
	Massive budget cuts in the government 's education funding program have left many students uncertain about their future education.
The best types of student loans for these students and parents are No Credit Check Student Loans .
	The best types of student loans for these students and parents are No Credit Check Student Loans.
If a borrower has made regular payments on their federal student loan(s) for a minimum of 20 years, they are now automatically eligible for the new federal student loan forgiveness program that will forgive the remainder of their federal student loan debt.
	If a borrower has made regular payments on their federal student loan (s) for a minimum of 20 years, they are now automatically eligible for the new federal student loan forgiveness program that will forgive the remainder of their federal student loan debt.
Each year, the Department of Education provides more than $80 billion to students in the form of grants, funding for work-study programs, and Dept of Education Student Loans.
	Each year, the Department of Education provides more than $ 80 billion to students in the form of grants, funding for work-study programs, and Dept of Education Student Loans.
There are three main types of loans from the Dept of Education: Stafford Loans, PLUS Loans, and Perkins Loans.
	three main types of loans from the Dept of Education: Stafford Loans, PLUS Loans, and Perkins Loans.
Unsubsidized Stafford Loans currently have a fixed interest rate of 6.80%.
	Unsubsidized Stafford Loans currently have a fixed interest rate of 6.80 %.
Perkins Loans are awarded on the basis of extreme financial need, are subsidized, and have a fixed interest rate of 5%.
	Perkins Loans are awarded on the basis of extreme financial need, are subsidized, and have a fixed interest rate of 5 %.
All decisions relating to eligibility, the statutory procedures of application, payment and repayment and how the various bodies deal with the student borrower are decided by the DfES (not by any of the participating agencies).
	All decisions relating to eligibility, the statutory procedures of application, payment and repayment and how the various bodies deal with the student borrower are decided by the DfES (not by any of the participating agencies)
This system of collection is known as Income Contingent Repayment (ICR).
	This system of collection is known as Income Contingent Repayment (ICR)
The Federal PLUS Loan is a college student loan for parents, and made in the parent's name.
	The Federal PLUS Loan is a college student loan for parents, and made in the parent 's name.
In such cases, international students who are unable to afford the cost of attendance entirely out-of-pocket have no choice but to seek out private student loans.
	international students who are unable to afford the cost of attendance entirely out-of-pocket have no choice but to seek out private student loans.
The best types of student loans for these students and parents are the No Credit Check Student Loans.
	The best types of student loans for these students and parents are No Credit Check Student Loans.
The additional advantage that you get with subsidized loans is that the student is not responsible for the interest while the student is still in school.
	additional advantage that you get with subsidized loans is that the student is not responsible for the interest while the student is still in school.
Perkins Loans are low interest loans and can only be obtained by students with exceptional financial needs.
	Perkins Loans are low interest loans that can only be obtained by students with exceptional financial need,
However, if federal aid does not provide enough financial assistance, you can apply for a private student loan.
	if federal aid does not provide enough financial assistance, you can apply for a private student loan.
There are programs for those who are not from the US, but they must provide an American cosigner with a good FICO Credit Score .
	There are programs for those who are not from the US, but they must provide an American cosigner with a good FICO Credit Score.
A: Graduate school loans are offered by the federal government and private lenders.
	Graduate school loans are offered by the federal government and private lenders.
The federal government offers subsidized student loans to students who demonstrate financial need as a result of information provided in their Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA).
	The federal government offers subsidized student loans to students who demonstrate financial need as a result of information provided in their Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA)
As always, students are encouraged to explore all other types of financial aid, such as veteran's benefits, scholarships, and grants before pursuing military student loans or any other type of student loan.
	As always, students are encouraged to explore all other types of financial aid, such as veteran 's benefits, scholarships, and grants before pursuing military student loans or any other type of student loan.
But the best part of university issued loans is that they tend to be interest free student loans, meaning the amount to be repaid does not increase with time.
	the best part of university issued loans is that they tend to be interest free student loans, meaning the amount to be repaid does not increase with time.
When you apply for university based financial aid, you are generally expected to submit your bank statement, tax returns, and the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid).
	When you apply for university based financial aid, you are generally expected to submit your bank statement, tax returns, and the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid)
In a Federal Student Loans Forgiveness plan, the federal government offers cancelation of a part or the entirety of an individual's outstanding federal student loan debt.
	In a Federal Student Loans Forgiveness plan, the federal government offers cancelation of a part or the entirety of an individual 's outstanding federal student loan debt.
Thus, a good strategy to reduce your child's risk of using drugs is to try to provide as many of the characteristics of a positive home life as possible.
	a good strategy to reduce your child 's risk of using drugs is to try to provide as many of the characteristics of a positive home life as possible.
It is also recommended that parents keep track of what their child is doing at all times, by asking the "w" questions:  who they are with, what they are doing, when they are doing it, and where.
	"It is also recommended that parents keep track of what their child is doing at all times, by asking the  w ' questions: who they are with, what they are doing, when they are doing it, and where."""
Children who cannot express feelings are not as likely to receive support from others, and are more likely to turn to drugs or alcohol to try to change their feelings.
	Children who can not express feelings are not as likely to receive support from others, and are more likely to turn to drugs or alcohol to try to change their feelings.
Barun recommends helping children feel grown up in other ways so they don't turn to drugs.
	Barun recommends helping children feel grown up in other ways so they do n't turn to drugs.
Build confidence by focusing on the positive and praising your child's accomplishments - even small ones.
	Build confidence by focusing on the positive and praising your child 's accomplishments - even small ones.
MOSTLY because we've been fed this crap and are scared we're just drugging the poor kid into submission.
	MOSTLY because we 've been fed this crap and are scared we 're just drugging the poor kid into submission.
The first is written by L. Alan Sroufe  - a professor emeritus of psychology at the University of Minnesota's Institute of Child Development - who contends that popular medications like Ritalin and Adderall, while effective in the short-term treatment of ADD, are impractical long-term solutions.
	The first is written by L. Alan Sroufe - a professor emeritus of psychology at the University of Minnesota 's Institute of Child Development - who contends that popular medications like Ritalin and Adderall, while effective in the short-term treatment of ADD, are impractical long-term solutions.
He even goes so far as to claim that the success of these drugs has helped undermine more important research into the disorder's true origins.
	He even goes so far as to claim that the success of these drugs has helped undermine more important research into the disorder 's true origins.
If drugs aren't the answer, what is?
	If drugs are n't the answer, what is?
My friend's grandson was on retilin from k on.
	My friend 's grandson was on retilin from k on.
Parents have to understand that while GPs can prescribe these medications they may be doing so on a limited knowledge or influenced by drug company sales' pitches.
	Parents have to understand that while GPs can prescribe these medications they may be doing so on a limited knowledge or influenced by drug company sales ' pitches.
also problems and barriers that parents have in providing the much extra time a child nneds at home is also not beyond the doctor.
	problems and barriers that parents have in providing the much extra time a child nneds at home is also not beyond the doctor.
It is also recommended that parents keep track of what their child is doing at all times, by asking the "w" questions: who they are with, what they are doing, when they are doing it, and where.
	"It is also recommended that parents keep track of what their child is doing at all times, by asking the  w ' questions: who they are with, what they are doing, when they are doing it, and where."""
Telling kids to "Just say no" doesn't prepare them to handle difficult situations that can arise when getting pressure from peers and friends they value.
	"Telling kids to  Just say no ' does n't prepare them to handle difficult situations that can arise when getting pressure from peers and friends they value."""
5) Talk with your child about drugs
	Talk with your child about drugs
2) Encourage your child's positive interests
	Encourage your child 's positive interests
Sometimes kids do these things because they don't think they are dangerous or really that serious.
	Sometimes kids do these things because they do n't think they are dangerous or really that serious.
Don't let them continue this trend of foolish bodily harm because they think it's fun.
	Do n't let them continue this trend of foolish bodily harm because they think it 's fun.
Pill parties are get-togethers where adolescents bring whatever drugs they could get from home or a relative's house, and take turns popping the pills and exploring the effects.
	Pill parties are get-togethers where adolescents bring whatever drugs they could get from home or a relative 's house, and take turns popping the pills and exploring the effects.
Often with these kinds of drugs, students don't even see that it is wrong, because they see it helping out for a good purpose.
	Often with these kinds of drugs, students do n't even see that it is wrong, because they see it helping out for a good purpose.
Adolescents whose parents have ongoing conversations with them about not trying drugs or alcohol are up to 50% less likely to try these substances.
	Adolescents whose parents have ongoing conversations with them about not trying drugs or alcohol are up to 50 % less likely to try these substances.
If a parent's drinking is out of control, they should seek help right away in order to provide their child with the best chance at living a sober life.
	If a parent 's drinking is out of control, they should seek help right away in order to provide their child with the best chance at living a sober life.
"If you're not able to moderate your drinking, then you shouldn't drink.
	If you 're not able to moderate your drinking, then you should n't drink.
Plenty of adults get together and have a great time with alcoholic beverages and never get rowdy or drive drunk or anything stupid."
	Plenty of adults get together and have a great time with alcoholic beverages and never get rowdy or drive drunk or anything stupid.
(2) Many more people are injured or suffer consequences from binge drinking, such as unsafe sex and drug abuse.
	Many more people are injured or suffer consequences from binge drinking, such as unsafe sex and drug abuse.
Whenever a parent talks to their child about drugs and alcohol, they need to be mindful of their child's age and experience level.
	Whenever a parent talks to their child about drugs and alcohol, they need to be mindful of their child 's age and experience level.
Studies show that kids are up to 50% less likely to get involved with substance abuse if their parent talked to them about saying no to drugs and alcohol.
	Studies show that kids are up to 50 % less likely to get involved with substance abuse if their parent talked to them about saying no to drugs and alcohol.
Teens certainly don't need to know all the details about their parents' substance abuse, especially if there is quite a long history.
	Teens certainly do n't need to know all the details about their parents ' substance abuse, especially if there is quite a long history.
In Indiana, the purity of heroin has been on the rise, up to 80% in some cases.
	In Indiana, the purity of heroin has been on the rise, up to 80 % in some cases.
Because many parents, teachers, and authorities in Indiana aren't aware of the growing heroin problem in their state, they are not prepared to handle it when it happens to a child they know.
	Because many parents, teachers, and authorities in Indiana are n't aware of the growing heroin problem in their state, they are not prepared to handle it when it happens to a child they know.
Parents should never rely on a drug test or their child's word for assurance that their child is not using drugs.
	Parents should never rely on a drug test or their child 's word for assurance that their child is not using drugs.
By talking openly and regularly with your teen, you can find out a lot of information you wouldn't otherwise get.
	By talking openly and regularly with your teen, you can find out a lot of information you would n't otherwise get.
One of the most dangerous mistakes parents make is to try to handle a child's drug or alcohol problem on their own.
	One of the most dangerous mistakes parents make is to try to handle a child 's drug or alcohol problem on their own.
Imagine that something takes hold of your child's mind so forcefully that you can't get through to them any more.
	Imagine that something takes hold of your child 's mind so forcefully that you ca n't get through to them any more.
Many parents go through this with their child who is a drug addict, but it's not just drugs that pull kids in so tightly.
	Many parents go through this with their child who is a drug addict, but it 's not just drugs that pull kids in so tightly.
However, when it is a matter of life or death, as drug abuse often is, privacy takes a back seat to finding out the hard truth.
	when it is a matter of life or death, as drug abuse often is, privacy takes a back seat to finding out the hard truth.
Stay awake (if you can) to monitor kids condition as they return home from an evening's events.
	Stay awake (if you can) to monitor kids condition as they return home from an evening 's events.
You can uphold the rules in your household, even though you might feel like the "meanest parent" in town.
	"You can uphold the rules in your household, even though you might feel like the  meanest parent ' in town."""
And make sure to understand other families' rules, and attitudes about alcohol, drugs, and other things that might concern you.
	make sure to understand other families ' rules, and attitudes about alcohol, drugs, and other things that might concern you.
Monitor your kid's behavior.
	Monitor your kid 's behavior.
Set up an agreement for no questions asked pickup--and mean it.
	Set up an agreement for no questions asked pickup -- and mean it.
Don't be naive about vomiting or hangover.
	Do n't be naive about vomiting or hangover.
Research has shown that most early drinking happens in someone's home; in fact, it is often in your own home.
	Research has shown that most early drinking happens in someone 's home; in fact, it is often in your own home.
Occasionally check out your teen's room, and get educated on the contemporary forms of drugs, or drug paraphernalia.
	Occasionally check out your teen 's room, and get educated on the contemporary forms of drugs, or drug paraphernalia.
And make sure both parents are on the same page about rules and consequences.
	make sure both parents are on the same page about rules and consequences.
Be careful not to be more permissive with a son than a daughter- the risks are great for both.
	Be careful not to be more permissive with a son than a daughter - the risks are great for both.
Sometimes a parent's personal history makes them reluctant to set limits for their own child.
	Sometimes a parent 's personal history makes them reluctant to set limits for their own child.
Studies among students revealed that parents are the #1 reason they don't use alcohol or drug.
	Studies among students revealed that parents are the # 1 reason they do n't use alcohol or drug.
Be firm and don't give in on your rules.
	Be firm and do n't give in on your rules.
"Kids who admitted to drinking or using illegal drugs were twice as likely to say they can always change the mind of an adult to get their way."
	Kids who admitted to drinking or using illegal drugs were twice as likely to say they can always change the mind of an adult to get their way.
Due to their drinking and drug use, and their out of control behavior they become the focus of attention and labeled as the "problem" or "troublemaker."
	"Due to their drinking and drug use, and their out of control behavior they become the focus of attention and labeled as the  problem ' or "" troublemaker."""
Even though, statistically, teens are at greater risk for abusing marijuana, parents shouldn't feel helpless.
	Even though, statistically, teens are at greater risk for abusing marijuana, parents should n't feel helpless.
How do we help our children see the complete foolishness of their peers' actions, so they do not continue this childish behavior?
	How do we help our children see the complete foolishness of their peers ' actions, so they do not continue this childish behavior?
Kids often find weird ways to get drunk because they think it is fun or can't be detected as easily, and videos and instructions quickly travel around the Internet of kids performing these acts.
	Kids often find weird ways to get drunk because they think it is fun or ca n't be detected as easily, and videos and instructions quickly travel around the Internet of kids performing these acts.
So what happens when so many athletes are now taking performance enhancing drugs?
	what happens when so many athletes are now taking performance enhancing drugs?
But research actually shows that teens look up to their parents for guidance much more often than we might think.
	research actually shows that teens look up to their parents for guidance much more often than we might think.
It is the parents' job to first of all teach their kids about the dangers of drugs and alcohol, and then help them develop ways to stay away from substance abuse.
	It is the parents ' job to first of all teach their kids about the dangers of drugs and alcohol, and then help them develop ways to stay away from substance abuse.
Recent research has found that 2 out of 3 kids ages 13-17 say that losing their parents' respect is one of the main reasons they don't drink alcohol, smoke marijuana or use other drugs.
	Recent research has found that 2 out of 3 kids ages 13-17 say that losing their parents ' respect is one of the main reasons they do n't drink alcohol, smoke marijuana or use other drugs.
Our decisions and our rules allow our child to use us as "the reason" for not using alcohol or drugs.
	"Our decisions and our rules allow our child to use us as  the reason ' for not using alcohol or drugs."""
We cannot simply sit back and hope that our kids will "get through it."
	"We can not simply sit back and hope that our kids will  get through it."""
In fact, research has shown that kids who have conversations with their parents and learn a lot about the dangers of alcohol and drug use are 50% less likely to use alcohol and drugs than those who don't have such conversations.
	research has shown that kids who have conversations with their parents and learn a lot about the dangers of alcohol and drug use are 50 % less likely to use alcohol and drugs than those who do n't have such conversations.
It's never too early to begin the conversation .
	It 's never too early to begin the conversation.
- as a parent what should I look for as signs of alcohol or drug problems
	as a parent what should I look for as signs of alcohol or drug problems
Whether a person decides to use alcohol or drugs is a choice, influenced by their environment--peers, family, and availability.
	Whether a person decides to use alcohol or drugs is a choice, influenced by their environment - peers, family, and availability.
Even if your own child doesn't have a drug problem, their friends might, so I would advise that you keep all prescription medication in a safe, inaccessible place in your house as a matter of course.
	Even if your own child does n't have a drug problem, their friends might, so I would advise that you keep all prescription medication in a safe, inaccessible place in your house as a matter of course.
The addiction says, "Give me more drugs, I have to have more or you will go through pain."
	"The addiction says,  Give me more drugs, I have to have more or you will go through pain."""
One of the heartbreaking things for parents is they often don't know where to go when their child is using drugs.
	One of the heartbreaking things for parents is they often do n't know where to go when their child is using drugs.
If it's decided that your child should undergo treatment, there are both inpatient and outpatient programs your child can attend.
	If it 's decided that your child should undergo treatment, there are both inpatient and outpatient programs your child can attend.
Whatcan you say to kids before they ever start smoking?
	What can you say to kids before they ever start smoking?
Tell your children, "We all make mistakes, but do the next right thing."
	"Tell your children,  We all make mistakes, but do the next right thing."""
Doing an after rehab program,or even 28 day program is not sufficient at all.
	Doing an after rehab program, or even 28 day program is not sufficient at all.
Check their rooms, and in places you'd never imagine.
	Check their rooms, and in places you 'd never imagine.
He lives with his mother (my ex-wife), and she is a cocaine user who will not take him to treatment.
	He lives with his mother (my ex-wife) , and she is a cocaine user who will not take him to treatment.
One of the dangers of marijuana is that it's much stronger than it was twenty years ago.
	One of the dangers of marijuana is that it 's much stronger than it was twenty years ago.
Back then, pot, as we used to call it, contained four percent THC, now it's about eight and a half percent-which is still a significant increase.
	Back then, pot, as we used to call it, contained four percent THC, now it 's about eight and a half percent-which is still a significant increase.
Marijuana is easily available, relatively cheap, and kids say that it relaxes them, it's effective for stress, and gets rid of their anxiety.
	Marijuana is easily available, relatively cheap, and kids say that it relaxes them, it 's effective for stress, and gets rid of their anxiety.
If you're a parent and you smoked marijuana as a young person, do you have a leg to stand on when you talk to your kids about it?
	If you 're a parent and you smoked marijuana as a young person, do you have a leg to stand on when you talk to your kids about it?
What are some signsthat might help youidentify whether your child is smoking marijuana?
	What are some signs that might help you identify whether your child is smoking marijuana?
These are the big signs: kids' grades slip, they change their whole group of friends, they stop playing sports or going to youth group, their personalities change and they become more negative and less approachable.
	These are the big signs: kids ' grades slip, they change their whole group of friends, they stop playing sports or going to youth group, their personalities change and they become more negative and less approachable.
Consequences are essential-it's how we learn.
	Consequences are essential-it 's how we learn.
Lying, deceit, cheating and dishonesty are part and parcel of this disease-not because the addicted person is a liar or a cheat by nature, but because the addicted brain needs drugs in order to function "normally."
	Lying, deceit, cheating and dishonesty are part and parcel of this disease-not because the addicted person is a liar or a cheat by nature, but because the addicted brain needs drugs in order to function
You know they have a drug problem and it's destroying their lives and you know if they have money, they might buy drugs.
	You know they have a drug problem and it 's destroying their lives and you know if they have money, they might buy drugs.
Without that desire, treatment programs aren't going to have the results the parents want.
	Without that desire, treatment programs are n't going to have the results the parents want.
As a mother i will never give up on my son .
	As a mother i will never give up on my son.
The problem is his dad will want him to go live with him but won't stay on top of searches and random drug testing.
	The problem is his dad will want him to go live with him but wo n't stay on top of searches and random drug testing.
If he doesn't want help, he will never see the benefits and it will all be a waste.
	If he does n't want help, he will never see the benefits and it will all be a waste.
The only thing I can think of is taking away all privileges and having him earn everything that is noneseential back, like phones, tv, computer etc.
	The only thing I can think of is taking away all privileges and having him earn everything that is noneseential back, like phones, tv, computer etc..
Finally, the best way to influence your child's attitude is by role modeling your actions and statements that drug use is dangerous and not tolerated in your home.
	the best way to influence your child 's attitude is by role modeling your actions and statements that drug use is dangerous and not tolerated in your home.
It is estimated that more than 50% of the time, the drug buyer is not getting the substance that they were told they were getting from a home-based lab.
	It is estimated that more than 50 % of the time, the drug buyer is not getting the substance that they were told they were getting from a home-based lab.
Inhalants are readily available to kids, and often young people don't see inhaling these household substances as being harmful because these things are legal and found everywhere.
	Inhalants are readily available to kids, and often young people do n't see inhaling these household substances as being harmful because these things are legal and found everywhere.
Once a teen is used to the thrill of doing "harmless" inhalant drugs, they might look for more of a challenge with street drugs.
	"Once a teen is used to the thrill of doing  harmless ' inhalant drugs, they might look for more of a challenge with street drugs."""
According to the research, there were drops in tobacco, methamphetamine (from 2.3% to 1.6%), cocaine (from 4.4% to 3.4%), alcohol, and hallucinogen (from 5.9% to 4.7%) use among 8-12 th graders.
	According to the research, there were drops in tobacco, methamphetamine (from 2.3 % to 1.6 %) , cocaine (from 4.4 % to 3.4 %) , alcohol, and hallucinogen (from 5.9 % to 4.7 %) use among 8-12 th graders.
The thing that makes this type of substance abuse so dangerous is that many people can't see the harm in it.
	The thing that makes this type of substance abuse so dangerous is that many people ca n't see the harm in it.
There is no warning before death occurs, and it doesn't matter if a person has huffed many times before, or if it is their first time.
	There is no warning before death occurs, and it does n't matter if a person has huffed many times before, or if it is their first time.
Many people spend their entire lives trying to break free from these addictions and unfortunately a large number of youth can't wait to be able to try it themselves.
	Many people spend their entire lives trying to break free from these addictions and unfortunately a large number of youth ca n't wait to be able to try it themselves.
These items can give your teen a real high, just like street drugs, yet they are found in most homes so teens don't always see the danger in them.
	These items can give your teen a real high, just like street drugs, yet they are found in most homes so teens do n't always see the danger in them.
Kids that are kept busy with positive activities won't have as much time to get into trouble.
	Kids that are kept busy with positive activities wo n't have as much time to get into trouble.
Teens have also been getting away with taking their own family members' prescription drugs, such as OxyContin, Valium, and Adderall.
	Teens have also been getting away with taking their own family members ' prescription drugs, such as OxyContin, Valium, and Adderall.
Teens who start out with trying something fun and new with their friends because they are bored and unsupervised at home can quickly become addicted to the "high" they get.
	"Teens who start out with trying something fun and new with their friends because they are bored and unsupervised at home can quickly become addicted to the  high ' they get."""
But we have to be careful not to get too relaxed and think we are doing a good enough job with drug prevention.
	we have to be careful not to get too relaxed and think we are doing a good enough job with drug prevention.
Other teens are using household chemicals and products that do actually harm them or help them to get high.
	teens are using household chemicals and products that do actually harm them or help them to get high.
About half of 10th-graders said they had used alcohol over the previous 12 months; about one in 4 (28%) reported marijuana use...
	About half of 10th-graders said they had used alcohol over the previous 12 months; about one in 4 (28 %) reported marijuana use
Just 3% of parents with 13- and 14-year-olds believed their child might be using the substances.
	Just 3 % of parents with 13 - and 14-year-olds believed their child might be using the substances.
He says parents should talk to their children about drugs and alcohol even if they don't suspect substance abuse.
	parents should talk to their children about drugs and alcohol even if they do n't suspect substance abuse.
Family members shouldn't give in and enable their loved ones to continue in their addiction; rather, they must break the cycle, come together and get help - for themselves, and their family.
	Family members should n't give in and enable their loved ones to continue in their addiction; rather, they must break the cycle, come together and get help - for themselves, and their family.
The ups and downs of recovery and relapse make family members unable to believe their loved one when they make promises because they don't want to get hurt again.
	The ups and downs of recovery and relapse make family members unable to believe their loved one when they make promises because they do n't want to get hurt again.
During the addict's recovery from drugs or alcohol, counselors should meet with the entire family to help them all through this challenge.
	During the addict 's recovery from drugs or alcohol, counselors should meet with the entire family to help them all through this challenge.
They get so used to life with the addict that they don't expect anything better then the turmoil that addiction brings.
	They get so used to life with the addict that they do n't expect anything better then the turmoil that addiction brings.
Even if a loved one who is addicted to drugs or alcohol won't get help, family members can still benefit from therapy themselves.
	Even if a loved one who is addicted to drugs or alcohol wo n't get help, family members can still benefit from therapy themselves.
He's playing with criminal behavior that could get him in jail and he's putting things into his body that could kill him.
	He 's playing with criminal behavior that could get him in jail and he 's putting things into his body that could kill him.
Like most parents, you've probably been dealing with the symptoms (hair, dress, curfews, and contraband), not the deeper problems (feelings, peer pressures, family dynamics, addiction).
	Like most parents, you 've probably been dealing with the symptoms (hair, dress, curfews, and contraband) , not the deeper problems (feelings, peer pressures, family dynamics, addiction)
Some kids become druggies because they can't figure out another way to fit in.
	Some kids become druggies because they ca n't figure out another way to fit in.
I even know of kids who were told that the group would hurt their family if they didn't steal, deal, and use.
	I even know of kids who were told that the group would hurt their family if they did n't steal, deal, and use.
They have the idea that they can't be a star in any area that counts to their peers.
	They have the idea that they ca n't be a star in any area that counts to their peers.
We can't ground them but we can still communicate our expectations, our philosophies, and catch them doing something right.
	We ca n't ground them but we can still communicate our expectations, our philosophies, and catch them doing something right.
My son smokes pot, and I hate that - but I don't hate him.
	My son smokes pot, and I hate that - but I do n't hate him.
SO, grandparents - get involved in a positive way in your grand children's lives and help support their parents!
	grandparents - get involved in a positive way in your grand children 's lives and help support their parents!
We as parents need to stand up for those who can't make a decision on their own because of lack of maturity and basic facts.
	We as parents need to stand up for those who ca n't make a decision on their own because of lack of maturity and basic facts.
There's got to be a good balance between giving teens the space they need to explore their evolving independent identities AND giving them the parenting and protection they continue to need as kids.
	There 's got to be a good balance between giving teens the space they need to explore their evolving independent identities AND giving them the parenting and protection they continue to need as kids.
Just because they know about sex/drugs when they're 11+ does NOT mean they're going to go out and do it.
	Just because they know about sex/drugs when they 're 11 + does NOT mean they 're going to go out and do it.
The trends are the Choking Game, binge drinking (5 or more drinks in a row), huffing dust-off, Triple C (Corociden Cough and Cold-over the counter meds/prescriptions stolen from mom/dad cabinets), and cutting.
	The trends are the Choking Game, binge drinking (5 or more drinks in a row) , huffing dust-off, Triple C (Corociden Cough and Cold-over the counter meds/prescriptions stolen from mom/dad cabinets) , and cutting.
Don't be afraid to spy if you suspect something-you may save your child.
	Do n't be afraid to spy if you suspect something-you may save your child.
Keep family members alerted to what's going on.
	Keep family members alerted to what 's going on.
2) We waited too long to seek professional counseling.
	We waited too long to seek professional counseling.
Traditionally, in the upcomingseason of graduation, prom and other kid rites of passage, the amount of alcoholyoung peopledrink soars.
	Traditionally, in the upcoming season of graduation, prom and other kid rites of passage, the amount of alcohol young people drink soars.
And if alcoholism is in your family, your child is four times more likely to become an alcoholic.
	if alcoholism is in your family, your child is four times more likely to become an alcoholic.
List thelogical consequences for breaking the rules.
	List the logical consequences for breaking the rules.
As a parent, if you walk into your kid's room and find a bottle of alcohol, marijuana or paraphernalia, you should consider them to be at the abuse level.
	As a parent, if you walk into your kid 's room and find a bottle of alcohol, marijuana or paraphernalia, you should consider them to be at the abuse level.
Even so, they will still be tempted to experience things for themselves that seem to fill their desire for youthful lusts, energies, and connectedness.
	they will still be tempted to experience things for themselves that seem to fill their desire for youthful lusts, energies, and connectedness.
In this generation teenagers are NOT popular if they don't drink.
	In this generation teenagers are NOT popular if they do n't drink.
If the older one never uses drugs, don't assume the younger one will not use drugs either.
	If the older one never uses drugs, do n't assume the younger one will not use drugs either.
- Look for the signs like mood changes, or changes in energy levels.
	Look for the signs like mood changes, or changes in energy levels.
Try to draw them out and see what's going on in their lives.
	Try to draw them out and see what 's going on in their lives.
Parents assume they are the right kind of parents whose children do not do "these kinds of things."
	"Parents assume they are the right kind of parents whose children do not do  these kinds of things."""
Some parents make another dangerous assumption; they might recall their own youth and rationalize their child's drug use by saying, "I smoked some grass when I was a kid and look at me, I didn't become an addict."
	"Some parents make another dangerous assumption; they might recall their own youth and rationalize their child 's drug use by saying,  I smoked some grass when I was a kid and look at me, I did n't become an addict."""
Those who are in favor of legalizing marijuana, especially for medical purposes, don't see the potency as necessarily a negative thing.
	Those who are in favor of legalizing marijuana, especially for medical purposes, do n't see the potency as necessarily a negative thing.
In fact, those who want to see marijuana used nationwide for medical patients believe that more potent strains will be good for patients.
	those who want to see marijuana used nationwide for medical patients believe that more potent strains will be good for patients.
Cough syrup with codeine is available by a doctor's prescription and, like other prescription drugs , kids often think they are safe because they are legal.
	Cough syrup with codeine is available by a doctor 's prescription and, like other prescription drugs, kids often think they are safe because they are legal.
"So to have a licensed store sell candy to kids that depicts an illegal substance is just ignorant and irresponsible."
	to have a licensed store sell candy to kids that depicts an illegal substance is just ignorant and irresponsible.
Parents may feel uncomfortable talking to their kids and teens about drug use, but it's still one of the best preventatives around.
	Parents may feel uncomfortable talking to their kids and teens about drug use, but it 's still one of the best preventatives around.
"Parents strongly influence the decisions teens make and this campaign provides much-needed tools to help parents feel better equipped to discuss this important health issue with their kids."
	Parents strongly influence the decisions teens make and this campaign provides much-needed tools to help parents feel better equipped to discuss this important health issue with their kids.
There are so many frightening stories out there of parents that have lost their teen to drug use .
	There are so many frightening stories out there of parents that have lost their teen to drug use.
Parents need to be aware of their teen's friends and activities, as well as the potential risks for kids these days.
	Parents need to be aware of their teen 's friends and activities, as well as the potential risks for kids these days.
Most kids can open up their parents' bathroom cabinet and have their choice of drugs.
	Most kids can open up their parents ' bathroom cabinet and have their choice of drugs.
Teens have begun having "pharming parties" where everyone brings a stash from their home and shares with the group.
	"Teens have begun having  pharming parties ' where everyone brings a stash from their home and shares with the group."""
People today are beginning to see that while substance use might start as a decision to try something new, it quickly becomes an addiction that can't be controlled.
	People today are beginning to see that while substance use might start as a decision to try something new, it quickly becomes an addiction that ca n't be controlled.
When kids don't feel comfortable talking to parents, they're likely to seek answers elsewhere, even if their sources are unreliable.
	When kids do n't feel comfortable talking to parents, they 're likely to seek answers elsewhere, even if their sources are unreliable.
Kids who aren't properly informed are at greater risk of engaging in unsafe behaviors and experimenting with drugs.
	Kids who are n't properly informed are at greater risk of engaging in unsafe behaviors and experimenting with drugs.
For instance, whenever you give a fever medication or an antibiotic to your child, you have the opportunity to discuss the benefits and the appropriate and responsible use of those drugs.
	whenever you give a fever medication or an antibiotic to your child, you have the opportunity to discuss the benefits and the appropriate and responsible use of those drugs.
If you see a character on a billboard or on TV with a cigarette, talk about smoking, nicotine addiction, and what smoking does to a person's body.
	If you see a character on a billboard or on TV with a cigarette, talk about smoking, nicotine addiction, and what smoking does to a person 's body.
By asking the questions in a nonjudgmental, open-ended way, you're more likely to get an honest response.
	By asking the questions in a nonjudgmental, open-ended way, you 're more likely to get an honest response.
If you show your kids that you're willing to discuss the topic and hear what they have to say, they might be more willing to come to you for help in the future.
	If you show your kids that you 're willing to discuss the topic and hear what they have to say, they might be more willing to come to you for help in the future.
Use these conversations not only to understand your child's thoughts and feelings, but also to talk about the dangers of driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
	Use these conversations not only to understand your child 's thoughts and feelings, but also to talk about the dangers of driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
So it's important to know your child's friends - and their parents.
	it 's important to know your child 's friends - and their parents.
Be involved in your children's lives.
	Be involved in your children 's lives.
If your child's school runs an anti-drug program, get involved.
	If your child 's school runs an anti-drug program, get involved.
Most parent's think that their kids are influenced by their peers vs. their parents when the opposite is true.
	Most parent 's think that their kids are influenced by their peers vs. their parents when the opposite is true.
However, when there is no adult supervision, I think the chances of risky behavior can multiply significantly.
	when there is no adult supervision, I think the chances of risky behavior can multiply significantly.
Parents can't seek treatment for them.
	Parents ca n't seek treatment for them.
Parents are often very distressed about their son/daughter's drug use.
	Parents are often very distressed about their son/daughter 's drug use.
Asking young people to 'help' mum and dad by explaining to them how they are going to manage to use drugs safely will place a burden of responsibility on the young person.
	Asking young people to ' help ' mum and dad by explaining to them how they are going to manage to use drugs safely will place a burden of responsibility on the young person.
Supportive families have parents who, " openly show affection, give their children praise and encouragement, maintain open communications, and do things with their children which both parents and kids enjoy ."
	Supportive families have parents who, ' openly show affection, give their children praise and encouragement, maintain open communications, and do things with their children which both parents and kids enjoy.
Reasoning , a parenting style known as inductive control, also seemed to have little effect.
	Reasoning, a parenting style known as inductive control, also seemed to have little effect.
It is always useful to identify any differences in how parent(s) are coping with these issues.
	It is always useful to identify any differences in how parent (s) are coping with these issues.
Right at the top of virtually every parent's concerns is the fear that their children might become involved with drugs.
	Right at the top of virtually every parent 's concerns is the fear that their children might become involved with drugs.
But if you suspect your child is really trying to self-medicate, or if you suspect your child is using regularly or even is addicted, you need to get help right away from the professionals.
	if you suspect your child is really trying to self-medicate, or if you suspect your child is using regularly or even is addicted, you need to get help right away from the professionals.
Your child's school, your family doctor, or community health center can help get you a referral.
	Your child 's school, your family doctor, or community health center can help get you a referral.
Do not assume Sally or Johnny's drug use is just a passing phase or something every kid must go through.
	Do not assume Sally or Johnny 's drug use is just a passing phase or something every kid must go through.
You cannot protect your child from the bad things in life but you can educate them on the dangers they face!
	You can not protect your child from the bad things in life but you can educate them on the dangers they face!
" Raising Drug-Free Kids provides worried parents with a wide range of practical and helpful strategies to create a healthy environment for kids of all ages, which will serve to immunize them against the temptations of illegal drug use for the rest of their lives.
	Raising Drug-Free Kids provides worried parents with a wide range of practical and helpful strategies to create a healthy environment for kids of all ages, which will serve to immunize them against the temptations of illegal drug use for the rest of their lives.
This holistic approach to drug prevention is a welcome relief from the simplistic 'just say no to drugs, but ask your doctor if Ritalin is right for you' message that abounds in our culture.
	This holistic approach to drug prevention is a welcome relief from the simplistic ' just say no to drugs, but ask your doctor if Ritalin is right for you ' message that abounds in our culture.
Teaching our kids to 'just say no' isn't enough, and punitive discipline only worsens the problem.
	Teaching our kids to ' just say no ' is n't enough, and punitive discipline only worsens the problem.
Use a democratic approach to discipline so they won't need to rebel during adolescence.
	Use a democratic approach to discipline so they wo n't need to rebel during adolescence.
Allow your children to express painful emotions so they won't need to numb themselves with drugs.
	Allow your children to express painful emotions so they wo n't need to numb themselves with drugs.
Children who lack a close relationship with at least one loving parent are at risk for substance abuse, no matter how much "discipline" you impose on them.
	"Children who lack a close relationship with at least one loving parent are at risk for substance abuse, no matter how much  discipline ' you impose on them."""
At the root of this approach is spending time with your child, using a nonpunitive approach to discipline, and accepting your child's emotions.
	At the root of this approach is spending time with your child, using a nonpunitive approach to discipline, and accepting your child 's emotions.
The fact that parents influence their children's alcohol and drug consumption is no secret - kids whose parents talk to them about drugs and alcohol are 42% less likely to turn into drug addicts and alcoholics.
	The fact that parents influence their children 's alcohol and drug consumption is no secret - kids whose parents talk to them about drugs and alcohol are 42 % less likely to turn into drug addicts and alcoholics.
And get them into drug detox and rehab fast if it continues.
	get them into drug detox and rehab fast if it continues.
If your relationship with your kids isn't what it should be, start changing that today.
	If your relationship with your kids is n't what it should be, start changing that today.
We do have to be afraid, but we don't have to let that fear rule our lives.
	We do have to be afraid, but we do n't have to let that fear rule our lives.
It's important to remember that, as an adolescent, your child is learning how to be part of a group-and he's terrified of not fitting in.
	It 's important to remember that, as an adolescent, your child is learning how to be part of a group-and he 's terrified of not fitting in.
Resisting authority makes him feel like an individual because he's reaffirming who he is by resisting an outside influence.
	Resisting authority makes him feel like an individual because he 's reaffirming who he is by resisting an outside influence.
It's an age where he's actively looking for reasons to reject adults.
	It 's an age where he 's actively looking for reasons to reject adults.
Don't ever underestimate the power of peer pressure.
	Do n't ever underestimate the power of peer pressure.
I think it's a mistake to tell kids that "The answers are inside you-you just have to search for them."
	"I think it 's a mistake to tell kids that  The answers are inside you-you just have to search for them."""
Adolescents like hearing, "You're in charge; you're in control; your time has come."
	"Adolescents like hearing,  You 're in charge; you 're in control; your time has come."""
JL: Understand that any criticism you give to the way your daughter dresses or uses makeup, or your son's taste in music, only emboldens them further.
	Understand that any criticism you give to the way your daughter dresses or uses makeup, or your son 's taste in music, only emboldens them further.
And if you tell your child that you'll be checking up on him and he gets angry about that, that's too bad.
	if you tell your child that you 'll be checking up on him and he gets angry about that, that 's too bad.
But each child is different, just like each adult is different, and there's nothing you can do about that.
	But each child is different, just like each adult is different, and there 's nothing you can do about that.
Don't get into fights about it with your child-just keep your values clear.
	Do n't get into fights about it with your child-just keep your values clear.
Always throw in that his parents didn't want him to do it, or that his parents told him not to smoke.
	Always throw in that his parents did n't want him to do it, or that his parents told him not to smoke.
It's very important that your child has a sense of, "If I don't listen to my parents, I could get into trouble."
	"It 's very important that your child has a sense of,  If I do n't listen to my parents, I could get into trouble."""
Calling names doesn't help-it just creates more bad feelings.
	Calling names does n't help-it just creates more bad feelings.
But saying hurtful things just takes away any influence you might have had on your child's drug use.
	But saying hurtful things just takes away any influence you might have had on your child 's drug use.
The parents are not comfortable with their child becoming more independent and the adolescent is not comfortable dealing with his parent's disapproval, so they fight.
	The parents are not comfortable with their child becoming more independent and the adolescent is not comfortable dealing with his parent 's disapproval, so they fight.
Just because somebody uses drugs once doesn't mean they're lost forever.
	Just because somebody uses drugs once does n't mean they 're lost forever.
Talk about what you want to communicate as opposed to what you're going to say.
	Talk about what you want to communicate as opposed to what you 're going to say.
So I dont think parents should turn a blind eye or make excuses.
	I don t think parents should turn a blind eye or make excuses.
When you see an adolescent, believe me, he's probably rebelling against adult authority in a lot of little ways.
	When you see an adolescent, believe me, he 's probably rebelling against adult authority in a lot of little ways.
I think its important for parents to understand that rebelliousness has a developmental function.
	it s important for parents to understand that rebelliousness has a developmental function.
The best we can do is guide them, set limits, project our view of what's right and wrong in the world and hold them accountable
	The best we can do is guide them, set limits, project our view of what 's right and wrong in the world and hold them accountable
The first thing you have to realize is that you can't pick your childs friends.
	The first thing you have to realize is that you ca n't pick your child s friends.
Realize that criticizing your childs friends is like criticizing an aspect of your child.
	Realize that criticizing your child s friends is like criticizing an aspect of your child.
State what you don't like about their friends behavior.
	State what you do n't like about their friends behavior.
If these are your childs friends, realize that he is almost certainly engaging in the same type of risky behavioreven if he says hes not.
	If these are your child s friends, realize that he is almost certainly engaging in the same type of risky behavior even if he says he s not.
Once kids start using drugs, it's easy for teens to become dependent on them because adolescents always feel stress.
	Once kids start using drugs, it 's easy for teens to become dependent on them because adolescents always feel stress.
Open communication with your child will increase the chance that your child won't do drugs and if they do use drugs that they will come to you for help.
	Open communication with your child will increase the chance that your child wo n't do drugs and if they do use drugs that they will come to you for help.
     Drinking starts as early as grade school in Utah.
	Drinking starts as early as grade school in Utah.
     Alcohol can impair proper teen brain development.
	Alcohol can impair proper teen brain development.
Engage the larger family of your children's friends, teachers, classmates, neighbors and community.
	Engage the larger family of your children 's friends, teachers, classmates, neighbors and community.
"The expectation is zero tolerance, but you both know it's not going to be zero.
	The expectation is zero tolerance, but you both know it 's not going to be zero.
You know there will be some use, but you need to always be pushing back in the opposite direction."
	You know there will be some use, but you need to always be pushing back in the opposite direction.
"If you're a popular parent, you're doing something wrong."
	If you 're a popular parent, you 're doing something wrong.
Monitor your children's whereabouts.
	Monitor your children 's whereabouts.
It's simply not true that kids don't develop a dependence on marijuana.
	It 's simply not true that kids do n't develop a dependence on marijuana.
But ecstasy also causes confusion and anxiety and can cause the user to suffer from disruptions in body temperature and hydration, leading to possible organ failure and, in rare cases, death.
	ecstasy also causes confusion and anxiety and can cause the user to suffer from disruptions in body temperature and hydration, leading to possible organ failure and, in rare cases, death.
The system currently lists ecstasy in the most dangerous Class A, the same grouping as the United States' Schedule I for drugs.
	The system currently lists ecstasy in the most dangerous Class A, the same grouping as the United States ' Schedule I for drugs.
Tell his/her that drug and alcohol use is dangerous and it's your job to keep his/her away from things that put his/her in danger.
	Tell his/her that drug and alcohol use is dangerous and it 's your job to keep his/her away from things that put his/her in danger.
Answering deceptively can cause you to lose credibility with your kids if they ever find out that you've lied to them.
	Answering deceptively can cause you to lose credibility with your kids if they ever find out that you 've lied to them.
Behaving responsibly does not include hanging out with kids who use drugs and drinkthats all there is to it.
	Behaving responsibly does not include hanging out with kids who use drugs and drink that s all there is to it.
I need to use my knowledge to help her stay off the stuff, not to say it's okay for her to try it.
	I need to use my knowledge to help her stay off the stuff, not to say it 's okay for her to try it.
It is a parent's job to check in with their kids, keep tabs on who they hang out with and where they are.
	It is a parent 's job to check in with their kids, keep tabs on who they hang out with and where they are.
I don't care if they deny they do not do drugs, bring them to their doctors and get them drug tested.
	I do n't care if they deny they do not do drugs, bring them to their doctors and get them drug tested.
Blame doesn't fix anything, confrontation of a problem and identifying solutions does.
	Blame does n't fix anything, confrontation of a problem and identifying solutions does.
Discuss the consequences of that persons choice and who in that persons life is affected.
	Discuss the consequences of that person 's choice and who in that person 's life is affected.
Kids will be less likely to perceive it as a lecture, and probably more open to the discussion.
	"Kids will be less likely to perceive it as a  lecture ', and probably more open to the discussion."""
If your child mentions something upsetting, such as his/her knowledge of peer substance use, dont react in a way that will cut off discussion.
	If your child mentions something upsetting, such as his/her knowledge of peer substance use, do n't react in a way that will cut off discussion.
Paraphrase what your child says to you, ask questions often and ask for your childs input on family decisions.
	Paraphrase what your child says to you, ask questions often and ask for your child 's input on family decisions.
Dont offer advice in response to every statement your child makes.
	Do n't offer advice in response to every statement your child makes.
Be aware of your childs face and body language.
	Be aware of your child 's face and body language.
"If I knew what I know now I would never have smoked marijuana even once!
	If I knew what I know now I would never have smoked marijuana even once!
Take time to explain everything to your kids before they are misinformed by a kid who is already using or trying to sell it to them."
	Take time to explain everything to your kids before they are misinformed by a kid who is already using or trying to sell it to them.
There are much better ways of challenging yourself than doing drugs."
	There are much better ways of challenging yourself than doing drugs.
Some argue these sorts of drug policies help the kids too much, that there's no accountability.
	Some argue these sorts of drug policies help the kids too much, that there 's no accountability.
They know you're going to drink so they don't want to give you a drug and alcohol test because they know you might get caught and you will get in trouble for sports in school.
	They know you 're going to drink so they do n't want to give you a drug and alcohol test because they know you might get caught and you will get in trouble for sports in school.
[Morton] We have had parents who actually think it's okay to put on the parties because the kids are in a confined area.
	We have had parents who actually think it 's okay to put on the parties because the kids are in a confined area.
About 20% of the students in grades 7 through 12 are participating in drug testing.
	About 20 % of the students in grades 7 through 12 are participating in drug testing.
Any child is vulnerable to drugs , regardless of whether they have a good education, or come from an affluent background.
	Any child is vulnerable to drugs, regardless of whether they have a good education, or come from an affluent background.
" Even if the children are receiving drugs education from the police, their parents won't be .
	Even if the children are receiving drugs education from the police, their parents wo n't be.
"We've found it helps to work with the police too.
	We 've found it helps to work with the police too.
We've found courses are much more successful when parents sign up of their own accord.
	We 've found courses are much more successful when parents sign up of their own accord.
Studies show that adolescents who haven't tried drugs or alcohol are more likely to start during times of transition in order to cope with stress.
	Studies show that adolescents who have n't tried drugs or alcohol are more likely to start during times of transition in order to cope with stress.
Research shows that kids who learn a lot about the risks of drugs from their parents are up to 50% less likely to use.
	Research shows that kids who learn a lot about the risks of drugs from their parents are up to 50 % less likely to use.
Starting the conversation with your kids and keeping communication open is never easy -- but it's also not as difficult as you may think.
	Starting the conversation with your kids and keeping communication open is never easy -- but it 's also not as difficult as you may think.
Texting can help parents open new lines of communication and it's a non-confrontational way to start conversations with their kids about sensitive topics, like drug use and drinking.
	Texting can help parents open new lines of communication and it 's a non-confrontational way to start conversations with their kids about sensitive topics, like drug use and drinking.
In fact, the most important thing you can do to help your son or daughter is to commit to getting help and support for yourself!
	the most important thing you can do to help your son or daughter is to commit to getting help and support for yourself!
Making excuses for their alcohol and drug use including when they miss class or a family function or covering up for them actually "enables" your child to continue to drink and use drugs.
	"Making excuses for their alcohol and drug use including when they miss class or a family function or covering up for them actually  enables ' your child to continue to drink and use drugs."""
FACT: Most parents are surprised to learn that they are the most powerful influence on their children when it comes to drugs.
	Most parents are surprised to learn that they are the most powerful influence on their children when it comes to drugs.
FACT: Parents need to make their own decisions about whether to talk to their children about their own drug use.
	Parents need to make their own decisions about whether to talk to their children about their own drug use.
FACT: Marijuana is the most widely used illegal drug among youth today and is more potent than ever.
	Marijuana is the most widely used illegal drug among youth today and is more potent than ever.
Marijuana use can lead to a host of significant health, social, learning, and behavioral problems at a crucial time in a young person's development.
	Marijuana use can lead to a host of significant health, social, learning, and behavioral problems at a crucial time in a young person 's development.
Parents need to become more informed about their children's technology usage.
	Parents need to become more informed about their children 's technology usage.
Some parents don't become aware that their child has been experimenting with drugs until it's too late.
	Some parents do n't become aware that their child has been experimenting with drugs until it 's too late.
With all the exposure to drugs that many teens face, it's not surprising that adolescent drug abuse is such a problem.
	With all the exposure to drugs that many teens face, it 's not surprising that adolescent drug abuse is such a problem.
Don't wait for the problem to explode in your face, but rather watch for warning signs ahead of time.
	Do n't wait for the problem to explode in your face, but rather watch for warning signs ahead of time.
Red flags that should immediately alert you that your child is doing something they shouldn't include missing money or missing prescription drugs from your possession, and finding drug paraphernalia among your child's belongings.
	Red flags that should immediately alert you that your child is doing something they should n't include missing money or missing prescription drugs from your possession, and finding drug paraphernalia among your child 's belongings.
He doesn't have to meet some abstract standard of perfection or compete with anyone else for your love or attention.
	He does n't have to meet some abstract standard of perfection or compete with anyone else for your love or attention.
They don't know that you are a concerned parent unless you tell them.
	They do n't know that you are a concerned parent unless you tell them.
Remind him that it is a parent's job to help their kids grow up physically healthy and emotionally strong and you intend to do your part.
	Remind him that it is a parent 's job to help their kids grow up physically healthy and emotionally strong and you intend to do your part.
Figure out what you will and won't do if he gets into legal trouble.
	Figure out what you will and wo n't do if he gets into legal trouble.
Without the current of love and caring that runs between parent and child, you can't have influence.
	Without the current of love and caring that runs between parent and child, you ca n't have influence.
Marijuana has also been found to impact the user's cognition and emotion.
	Marijuana has also been found to impact the user 's cognition and emotion.
Marijuana is one of those substances that many people don't see the harm in.
	Marijuana is one of those substances that many people do n't see the harm in.
Some teens will change to a different type of drug, one that can't be detected in at-home tests.
	Some teens will change to a different type of drug, one that ca n't be detected in at-home tests.
But say the word 'drugs' to any parent, and a shiver will pass through them.
	say the word ' drugs ' to any parent, and a shiver will pass through them.
Showing that you're prepared and willing to listen will help your kids feel more comfortable about talking with you.
	Showing that you 're prepared and willing to listen will help your kids feel more comfortable about talking with you.
During a conversation try not to interrupt them or react in a way that will stop whatever you're discussing.
	During a conversation try not to interrupt them or react in a way that will stop whatever you 're discussing.
If you're honest and clear about where you stand, your kids will find it easier to be honest with you.
	If you 're honest and clear about where you stand, your kids will find it easier to be honest with you.
Don't ridicule or lecture, as this could make future discussions about drugs more difficult and make your kids more resistant to talking about them at all.
	Do n't ridicule or lecture, as this could make future discussions about drugs more difficult and make your kids more resistant to talking about them at all.
Try to see your child's point of view while encouraging them to understand yours.
	Try to see your child 's point of view while encouraging them to understand yours.
If you take drugs yourself you can't expect your kids to take your advice.
	If you take drugs yourself you ca n't expect your kids to take your advice.
Once you've decided on these rules, enforce them, and let your kids know the consequences of breaking them.
	Once you 've decided on these rules, enforce them, and let your kids know the consequences of breaking them.
Speak with an addictions specialist on the best way to implement reliable and accurate drug testing into your family's routine.
	Speak with an addictions specialist on the best way to implement reliable and accurate drug testing into your family 's routine.
This program provides the true facts about drugs that impact a person's decision to not take them.
	This program provides the true facts about drugs that impact a person 's decision to not take them.
True education on the facts is the only way a child will know what they are saying "NO" to and why.
	"True education on the facts is the only way a child will know what they are saying  NO ' to and why."""
"Narconon's drug education program is effective in teaching students about the adverse consequences of drug abuse and has a very positive influence on the attitude of the students toward drugs."
	Narconon 's drug education program is effective in teaching students about the adverse consequences of drug abuse and has a very positive influence on the attitude of the students toward drugs.
"Ultimately the solution to America's drug problem will be found at the grass roots level in neighborhoods and communities throughout the nation."
	Ultimately the solution to America 's drug problem will be found at the grass roots level in neighborhoods and communities throughout the nation.
Once your child has the real truth about drugs, they cannot be fooled.
	Once your child has the real truth about drugs, they can not be fooled.
It seems that younger people are so much more aware of the seriousness of alcohol and drug abuse that they are more likely to get into intensive treatment, earlier than their parents' generation.
	younger people are so much more aware of the seriousness of alcohol and drug abuse that they are more likely to get into intensive treatment, earlier than their parents ' generation.
Kids new in recovery can feel very bold and begin confronting their parents relentlessly, much to their parents' chagrin.
	Kids new in recovery can feel very bold and begin confronting their parents relentlessly, much to their parents ' chagrin.
Kids also have the option of just ignoring their parents' drug or alcohol abuse and going on with their own lives.
	Kids also have the option of just ignoring their parents ' drug or alcohol abuse and going on with their own lives.
Unfortunately, some kids who get clean end up relapsing because their substance-dependant parents send the child addict-designed messages that are incongruent with what the child just learned in treatment.
	some kids who get clean end up relapsing because their substance-dependant parents send the child addict-designed messages that are incongruent with what the child just learned in treatment.
In fact, 20% of Americans have taken a prescription medication for non-medical reasons, according to the NIDA.
	20 % of Americans have taken a prescription medication for non-medical reasons, according to the NIDA.
It's hard to expect our young people to keep on the straight path and stay away from all kinds of drugs when prescription painkiller abuse is so prevalent in all the age groups around them.
	It 's hard to expect our young people to keep on the straight path and stay away from all kinds of drugs when prescription painkiller abuse is so prevalent in all the age groups around them.
This mother used drugs herself and taught her son to do marijuana, crack cocaine, and heroin, even going so far as to inject the heroin into her son's arm.
	This mother used drugs herself and taught her son to do marijuana, crack cocaine, and heroin, even going so far as to inject the heroin into her son 's arm.
As disturbing as this story sounds, there are many other parents that knowingly contribute to their child's drug use .
	As disturbing as this story sounds, there are many other parents that knowingly contribute to their child 's drug use.
Some of these parents don't want to grow up themselves, so they let their kids join in on their drinking parties or drug abuse.
	Some of these parents do n't want to grow up themselves, so they let their kids join in on their drinking parties or drug abuse.
Some parents tell themselves they'd rather have their kids doing these kinds of things at home with parents watching instead of on the streets or at friends' houses.
	Some parents tell themselves they 'd rather have their kids doing these kinds of things at home with parents watching instead of on the streets or at friends ' houses.
The newest studies show that teens are actually more responsive to their parent's positive or negative influence when it comes to drugs and alcohol than they are to friends or school programs.
	The newest studies show that teens are actually more responsive to their parent 's positive or negative influence when it comes to drugs and alcohol than they are to friends or school programs.
Therefore, if a parent, even unintentionally, is sending the message to their kids that recreational drug use or drinking and driving is ok, their children will get that message loud and clear.
	if a parent, even unintentionally, is sending the message to their kids that recreational drug use or drinking and driving is ok, their children will get that message loud and clear.
Growing Up Drug Free:   A Parents Guide to Prevention   46 pg book Growing Up Drug-Free outlines what children at various stages of development should know about drugs, suggests ways for parents to discuss drugs with their children, and recommends family activities to reinforce children's motivation to avoid alcohol and drugs.
	Growing Up Drug Free: A Parents Guide to Prevention 46 pg book Growing Up Drug-Free outlines what children at various stages of development should know about drugs, suggests ways for parents to discuss drugs with their children, and recommends family activities to reinforce children 's motivation to avoid alcohol and drugs.
Growing Up Drug Free:   A Parents Guide to Prevention (Spanish Version) 46 pg book Growing Up Drug-Free outlines what children at various stages of development should know about drugs, suggests ways for parents to discuss drugs with their children, and recommends family activities to reinforce children's motivation to avoid alcohol and drugs.
	Growing Up Drug Free: A Parents Guide to Prevention 46 pg book Growing Up Drug-Free outlines what children at various stages of development should know about drugs, suggests ways for parents to discuss drugs with their children, and recommends family activities to reinforce children 's motivation to avoid alcohol and drugs.
- Spanish Version This brochure for parents and caregivers provides information on becoming familiar with illicit drugs available today, talking with kids about drugs and alcohol, identifying the signs of drug and alcohol use, and intervening now if a child is in trouble.
	This brochure for parents and caregivers provides information on becoming familiar with illicit drugs available today, talking with kids about drugs and alcohol, identifying the signs of drug and alcohol use, and intervening now if a child is in trouble.
- Chinese Version This brochure for parents and caregivers provides information on becoming familiar with illicit drugs available today, talking with kids about drugs and alcohol, identifying the signs of drug and alcohol use, and intervening now if a child is in trouble.
	This brochure for parents and caregivers provides information on becoming familiar with illicit drugs available today, talking with kids about drugs and alcohol, identifying the signs of drug and alcohol use, and intervening now if a child is in trouble.
- English Version This brochure for parents and caregivers provides information on becoming familiar with illicit drugs available today, talking with kids about drugs and alcohol, identifying the signs of drug and alcohol use, and intervening now if a child is in trouble.
	This brochure for parents and caregivers provides information on becoming familiar with illicit drugs available today, talking with kids about drugs and alcohol, identifying the signs of drug and alcohol use, and intervening now if a child is in trouble.
(Korean) - Asian language initiative   booklet Written in both English and several Asian languages, this booklet provides parents with information on why young people use inhalants, what household items can be used as inhalants, the symptoms of inhalant use, slang terms for inhalants, the dangers of inhalants, and how to prevent inhalant use.
	Asian language initiative booklet Written in both English and several Asian languages, this booklet provides parents with information on why young people use inhalants, what household items can be used as inhalants, the symptoms of inhalant use, slang terms for inhalants, the dangers of inhalants, and how to prevent inhalant use.
(Vietnamese) - Asian language initiative   booklet Written in both English and several Asian languages, this booklet provides parents with information on why young people use inhalants, what household items can be used as inhalants, the symptoms of inhalant use, slang terms for inhalants, the dangers of inhalants, and how to prevent inhalant use.
	Asian language initiative booklet Written in both English and several Asian languages, this booklet provides parents with information on why young people use inhalants, what household items can be used as inhalants, the symptoms of inhalant use, slang terms for inhalants, the dangers of inhalants, and how to prevent inhalant use.
Parents of teens and 'tweens in middle school are the most likely group of parents - 46 percent - to sense their kids' reluctance to talk to them about drugs and alcohol, and overall, four out of ten parents (37 percent) of teens and 'tweens feel they have little influence over their middle schooler's decision to try drugs.
	Parents of teens and ' tweens in middle school are the most likely group of parents - 46 percent - to sense their kids ' reluctance to talk to them about drugs and alcohol, and overall, four out of ten parents (37 percent) of teens and ' tweens feel they have little influence over their middle schooler 's decision to try drugs.
 The number of parents who report they need more tools and information to help their kids deal with drugs and alcohol jumps 46 percent between 4th-5th grade and 6th-8th grade.
	The number of parents who report they need more tools and information to help their kids deal with drugs and alcohol jumps 46 percent between 4th-5th grade and 6th-8th grade.
 Parents of 6th -8th graders are more likely to say that their kids are reluctant to talk to them about drugs and alcohol (46 percent) than are parents with children in 4th -5th grades (33 percent)
	Parents of 6th -8 th graders are more likely to say that their kids are reluctant to talk to them about drugs and alcohol (46 percent) than are parents with children in 4th -5 th grades (33 percent)
"These vulnerable years are when teens and tweens are exposed to drugs and alcohol, and parents can't let the normal turbulence and frustrations of raising teens interfere with their determination to keep their kids from risking their health.
	These vulnerable years are when teens and tweens are exposed to drugs and alcohol, and parents ca n't let the normal turbulence and frustrations of raising teens interfere with their determination to keep their kids from risking their health.
Parents have to step in and help their kids, no matter how challenging the conversation."
	Parents have to step in and help their kids, no matter how challenging the conversation.
 PATS found 36 percent of parents with kids in grades 6th-8th agree "it is very important to me that my child consider me a friend" compared to 20 percent of parents with children in 4th-5th grades.
	"PATS found 36 percent of parents with kids in grades 6th-8th agree  it is very important to me that my child consider me a friend ' compared to 20 percent of parents with children in 4th-5th grades."""
The study shows that as kids transition into teendom, their parents' need for useful information and help talking about drugs and alcohol peaks.
	The study shows that as kids transition into teendom, their parents ' need for useful information and help talking about drugs and alcohol peaks.
Some kids think that something like the choking game is not as harmful as drugs or alcohol because it doesn't involve substances.
	Some kids think that something like the choking game is not as harmful as drugs or alcohol because it does n't involve substances.
Don't assume that your child is telling you the truth when they say they aren't doing it.
	Do n't assume that your child is telling you the truth when they say they are n't doing it.
Studies this year show that young people's use of marijuana is on the rise.
	Studies this year show that young people 's use of marijuana is on the rise.
Kids whose parents talk to them about the dangers of drugs are up to 50% less likely to use drugs.
	Kids whose parents talk to them about the dangers of drugs are up to 50 % less likely to use drugs.
Meet the parents of your child's friends to further understand what your child and their friends might be up to.
	Meet the parents of your child 's friends to further understand what your child and their friends might be up to.
Don't wait any longer to be the positive anti-drug influence on your child's life.
	Do n't wait any longer to be the positive anti-drug influence on your child 's life.
If he cannot give it up, perhaps he would consider telling your son that he wishes he had never tried drugs.
	If he can not give it up, perhaps he would consider telling your son that he wishes he had never tried drugs.
Its best not to ignore family patterns of substance abuse.
	It s best not to ignore family patterns of substance abuse.
The most recent "bust" (this is me finding it, not the cops) included not only pot, but anti-depressants, which really scares me.
	"The most recent  bust ' (this is me finding it, not the cops) included not only pot, but anti-depressants, which really scares me."""
Let the substance abuse counselor deal with your sons readiness to make changes.
	Let the substance abuse counselor deal with your son s readiness to make changes.
I think one of the most effective techniques is to tell your kids that at 7 pm, we'll sit down and talk about the things you think aren't fair.
	I think one of the most effective techniques is to tell your kids that at 7 pm, we 'll sit down and talk about the things you think are n't fair.
A discipline form will be signed by the person administering the swat(s), the witness, the student, and will be sent home for the parent/guardian to sign and return to the office.
	A discipline form will be signed by the person administering the swat (s) , the witness, the student, and will be sent home for the parent/guardian to sign and return to the office.
"The Catholic Church teaches that violence against another person in any form fails to treat that person as someone worthy of love.
	The Catholic Church teaches that violence against another person in any form fails to treat that person as someone worthy of love.
To be treated fairly and the responsibility to show respect to others To be taught in a safe and disciplined school environment and the responsibility to uphold school security and be co-operative To be treated with respect by the school community regardless of personal, cultural, racial, religious or other differences and the responsibility to be tolerant and considerate of others and their beliefs ...
	Every learner has the right: To be treated fairly and the responsibility to show respect to others To be taught in a safe and disciplined school environment and the responsibility to uphold school security and be co-operative To be treated with respect by the school community regardless of personal, cultural, racial, religious or other differences and the responsibility to be tolerant and considerate of others and their beliefs
Step 3: The implementation of a disciplinary policy needs to be supported by school structures and procedures.
	The implementation of a disciplinary policy needs to be supported by school structures and procedures.
Thus, organisations and individuals should avoid 'labelling' children and young people
	organisations and individuals should avoid ' labelling ' children and young people
The 'behavioural environment' should be evaluated at the starting point of all interventions and work to improve the context should always be accorded high priority
	The ' behavioural environment ' should be evaluated at the starting point of all interventions and work to improve the context should always be accorded high priority
In May 2005, the government established the Practitioners' Group on School Behaviour and Discipline to give independent advice to the government on how behaviour in schools could be improved.
	In May 2005, the government established the Practitioners ' Group on School Behaviour and Discipline to give independent advice to the government on how behaviour in schools could be improved.
" Assess whether the teacher establishes a productive climate for learning in which pupils and children feel secure.
	Assess whether the teacher establishes a productive climate for learning in which pupils and children feel secure.
Inspectors should establish how well the school's expectations are known and how consistently pupils live up to them.
	Inspectors should establish how well the school 's expectations are known and how consistently pupils live up to them.
If 'time out' is used, make sure that pupils are never locked in, that there is adequate supervision and that there is no abuse of this sanction.
	If ' time out ' is used, make sure that pupils are never locked in, that there is adequate supervision and that there is no abuse of this sanction.
Students of all ages have begun to carry cell phones and a policy should be in place to handle this according to your district's stance.
	Students of all ages have begun to carry cell phones and a policy should be in place to handle this according to your district 's stance.
The Code of Student Conduct  Elementary Schools (the Elementary School Code) established by the Board identifies 21 prohibited behaviors and specifies in detail the form of punishment that may be imposed as a result of violation of each prohibited behavior.
	The Code of Student Conduct Elementary Schools (the Elementary School Code) established by the Board identifies 21 prohibited behaviors and specifies in detail the form of punishment that may be imposed as a result of violation of each prohibited behavior.
Sanctions should be applied fairly and consistently to all pupils, taking account of all circumstances including the child's age, and within a context of positive re-inforcement of good behaviour.
	Sanctions should be applied fairly and consistently to all pupils, taking account of all circumstances including the child 's age, and within a context of positive re-inforcement of good behaviour.
Any disciplinary measure taken by an organisation, school or children's home must be in the interest of the child in accordance with internal regulations that are visibly displayed in the establishment.
	Any disciplinary measure taken by an organisation, school or children 's home must be in the interest of the child in accordance with internal regulations that are visibly displayed in the establishment.
A discipline committee must be appointed to ensure the enforcement of a code of conduct that respects the child's dignity as a human being in accordance with this law.
	A discipline committee must be appointed to ensure the enforcement of a code of conduct that respects the child 's dignity as a human being in accordance with this law.
Each school, organisation or children's home must set up a control committee, led by the director or his delegate, responsible for checking any sanction that affect the well-being or physical safety of the child.
	Each school, organisation or children 's home must set up a control committee, led by the director or his delegate, responsible for checking any sanction that affect the well-being or physical safety of the child.
Any person, director, teacher or employee of a school, organisation or children's home who is found to have participated in or assisted an act that put the safety of a child in danger will be removed from their post and will be prosecuted according to the penal code.
	Any person, director, teacher or employee of a school, organisation or children 's home who is found to have participated in or assisted an act that put the safety of a child in danger will be removed from their post and will be prosecuted according to the penal code.
Disciplinary measures concerning the child can only be taken in accordance with the child's dignity, and under no circumstances are physical punishments allowed, or punishments which relate to the child's physical and mental development or which may affect the child's emotional status....
	Disciplinary measures concerning the child can only be taken in accordance with the child 's dignity, and under no circumstances are physical punishments allowed, or punishments which relate to the child 's physical and mental development or which may affect the child 's emotional status
(2) During the teaching and educational process, the child has the right to be treated with respect by the teachers, to be informed on his or her rights, as well as on the methods of exercising these rights.
	During the teaching and educational process, the child has the right to be treated with respect by the teachers, to be informed on his or her rights, as well as on the methods of exercising these rights.
Physical punishments during the educational process are forbidden....
	Physical punishments during the educational process are forbidden
DISCIPLINE 7.1 Discipline must be maintained in the school and the classroom to ensure that the education of learners proceeds without disruptive behaviour and offences.
	Discipline must be maintained in the school and the classroom to ensure that the education of learners proceeds without disruptive behaviour and offences.
7.2 The disciplinary process must be expeditious, fair, just, corrective, consistent and educative.
	The disciplinary process must be expeditious, fair, just, corrective, consistent and educative.
7.3 Restraint is the act of controlling the actions of learners when such actions may inflict harm to others or to the learner, or violate the rights of other learners or educators.
	Restraint is the act of controlling the actions of learners when such actions may inflict harm to others or to the learner, or violate the rights of other learners or educators.
7.5 Every educator is responsible for discipline at all times at the school and at school related activities.
	Every educator is responsible for discipline at all times at the school and at school related activities.
7.7 In cases where a learner cannot adjust to the school and where his/her behaviour is objectionable in that it violates the rights of others, he/she will be referred to the principal.
	In cases where a learner can not adjust to the school and where his/her behaviour is objectionable in that it violates the rights of others, he/she will be referred to the principal.
8.2 Corporal punishment shall not be administered.
	Corporal punishment shall not be administered.
Mentioning punishment isn't necessarily a bad thing.
	Mentioning punishment is n't necessarily a bad thing.
A student's academic grade shall be based solely on his/her achievement.
	A student 's academic grade shall be based solely on his/her achievement.
Corporal punishment is a discipline method in which a supervising adult deliberately inflicts pain upon a child in response to a child's unacceptable behavior and/or inappropriate language.
	Corporal punishment is a discipline method in which a supervising adult deliberately inflicts pain upon a child in response to a child 's unacceptable behavior and/or inappropriate language.
# A parents prohibition of corporal punishment may be revoked at any time by submitting a separate signed, written statement.
	parent s prohibition of corporal punishment may be revoked at any time by submitting a separate signed, written statement.
A professional employee of a school district is not personally liable for any act that is incident to or within the scope of the duties of the employee's position of employment and that involves the exercise of judgment or discretion on the part of the employee, except in circumstances in which a professional employee uses excessive force in the discipline of students or negligence resulting in bodily injury to students.
	A professional employee of a school district is not personally liable for any act that is incident to or within the scope of the duties of the employee 's position of employment and that involves the exercise of judgment or discretion on the part of the employee, except in circumstances in which a professional employee uses excessive force in the discipline of students or negligence resulting in bodily injury to students.
The American Academy of Pediatrics believes that corporal punishment may affect adversely a student's self-image and school achievement and that it may contribute to disruptive and violent student behavior.
	The American Academy of Pediatrics believes that corporal punishment may affect adversely a student 's self-image and school achievement and that it may contribute to disruptive and violent student behavior.
5-7 Physical force or constraint by a school official may be required in a limited number of carefully selected circumstances to protect students and staff from physical injury, to disarm a student, or to prevent property damage.
	Physical force or constraint by a school official may be required in a limited number of carefully selected circumstances to protect students and staff from physical injury, to disarm a student, or to prevent property damage.
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that corporal punishment in schools be abolished in all states by law and that alternative forms of student behavior management be used.
	"The American Academy of Pediatrics  recommends that corporal punishment in schools be abolished in all states by law and that alternative forms of student behavior management be used."""
A. Corporal punishment is all forms of physical punishment including, but not limited to, spanking, paddling, or slapping.
	Corporal punishment is all forms of physical punishment including, but not limited to, spanking, paddling, or slapping.
B. School personnel may use reasonable force to control behavior or to remove a person from the scene in those situations when necessary: 1.
	School personnel may use reasonable force to control behavior or to remove a person from the scene in those situations when necessary:
The person administering the punishment should take into account the student's sex, size, and their general physical condition
	The person administering the punishment should take into account the student 's sex, size, and their general physical condition
The American Academy of Pediatrics "recommends that corporal punishment in schools be abolished in all states by law and that alternative forms of student behavior management be used."
	"The American Academy of Pediatrics  recommends that corporal punishment in schools be abolished in all states by law and that alternative forms of student behavior management be used."""
The National Association of Secondary School Principals "believes that the practice of corporal punishment in schools should be abolished and that principals should utilize alternative forms of discipline."
	"The National Association of Secondary School Principals  believes that the practice of corporal punishment in schools should be abolished and that principals should utilize alternative forms of discipline."""
Assuming there will also be a chat room for the students to talk in, abuse of said chat room would result in an hour/day/week/whatever of probation, during which they could not parcipate in the chat room discussions.
	Assuming there will also be a chat room for the students to talk in, abuse of said chat room would result in an hour/day/week / whatever of probation, during which they could not parcipate in the chat room discussions.
A school administrator's job in the realm of student discipline is much like the combination of judge and jury.
	A school administrator 's job in the realm of student discipline is much like the combination of judge and jury.
Students who are given out-of-school suspension as a disciplinary consequence either serve a short term suspension (less than 10 days) or a long term suspension (more than 10 days).
	Students who are given out-of-school suspension as a disciplinary consequence either serve a short term suspension (less than 10 days) or a long term suspension (more than 10 days)
Expulsion is used for extreme violations of school policy including the possession of weapons, assault on a school employee, drug possession and/or use, etc.
	Expulsion is used for extreme violations of school policy including the possession of weapons, assault on a school employee, drug possession and/or use, etc..
This coalition has continued an active movement, with national and local meetings, newsletters, articles in various publications, and other means designed to cultivate public awareness regarding this important issue (4,5).
	This coalition has continued an active movement, with national and local meetings, newsletters, articles in various publications, and other means designed to cultivate public awareness regarding this important issue
Yet, 30 states continue to authorize corporal punishment in their schools.
	30 states continue to authorize corporal punishment in their schools.
Punishment is based on aversive technology and produces very limited results (26).
	Punishment is based on aversive technology and produces very limited results
Apologists for aversive discipline suggest that the punishment must produce instant discomfort and must surprise the victim as soon as possible after the identified violation (26,27).
	Apologists for aversive discipline suggest that the punishment must produce instant discomfort and must surprise the victim as soon as possible after the identified violation
It sanctions the notion that it is meritorious to be violent toward our children, thereby devaluing them in society's eyes (9,19).
	It sanctions the notion that it is meritorious to be violent toward our children, thereby devaluing them in society 's eyes
The lack of parental involvement in the education of their children is cited by teachers as one of the major causes of current classroom disciplinary difficulty (32).
	The lack of parental involvement in the education of their children is cited by teachers as one of the major causes of current classroom disciplinary difficulty
Corporal punishment can violate children's rights to freedom from cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment, to education, and to freedom from physical violence.
	Corporal punishment can violate children 's rights to freedom from cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment, to education, and to freedom from physical violence.
Conduct comprehensive and sustained awareness-raising campaigns among children on their right not to be disciplined physically, including appropriate programs according to the age of the child.
	Conduct comprehensive and sustained awareness-raising campaigns among children of their rights not to be disciplined physically, including appropriate programs according to the age of the child.
Ensure that such mechanisms include practicable methods for parents to file complaints and seek redress should children be paddled in violation of the parents' expressed preferences.
	Ensure that such mechanisms include practicable methods for parents to file complaints and seek redress should children be paddled in violation of the parents ' expressed preferences.
Furthermore, it was sexist since only boys could be caned 84 .
	Furthermore, it was sexist since only boys could be caned 84.
However, excessive force does not constitute as reasonable punishment and is prohibited by federal law.
	excessive force does not constitute as reasonable punishment and is prohibited by federal law.
Things like having mandatory minimum sentencing laws, or having three strikes and you're out, or the idea of aggressively policing minor offenses -- these are things that were happening as a result of the war on drugs and we were implementing these processes in schools.
	Things like having mandatory minimum sentencing laws, or having three strikes and you 're out, or the idea of aggressively policing minor offenses -- these are things that were happening as a result of the war on drugs and we were implementing these processes in schools.
The superintendent is authorized under state statute to suspend a student up to 180 days based upon the district's disciplinary code.
	The superintendent is authorized under state statute to suspend a student up to 180 days based upon the district 's disciplinary code.
State statute requires all public school boards, as part of the district's written discipline policy, to include a statement on the use of corporal punishment within the district.
	State statute requires all public school boards, as part of the district 's written discipline policy, to include a statement on the use of corporal punishment within the district.
In addition, several courts have determined that the district policy may also apply to student behavior off school grounds that directly interferes with the operation of the school or endangers the safety of other students or staff.
	several courts have determined that the district policy may also apply to student behavior off school grounds that directly interferes with the operation of the school or endangers the safety of other students or staff.
We need to protect kids from bullies and we need to preserve students' due process rights.
	We need to protect kids from bullies and we need to preserve students ' due process rights.
Lastly, administrators and families should get the police involved so that law enforcement can help remedy violent situations in schools and protect the innocent.
	administrators and families should get the police involved so that law enforcement can help remedy violent situations in schools and protect the innocent.
By having a blanket policy that disciplinary actions are handed out irrespective of evidence or facts, school administrators can say what the Edmond Public Schools ' principal told our friend last year: "I'm sorry, but any student involved in a fighting incident at school is automatically suspended regardless of the circumstances."
	"By having a blanket policy that disciplinary actions are handed out irrespective of evidence or facts, school administrators can say what the Edmond Public Schools ' principal told our friend last year:  I 'm sorry, but any student involved in a fighting incident at school is automatically suspended regardless of the circumstances."""
The existence of school surveillance cameras, as were present in the case of Rachel Davis , SHOULD be considered by school officials in determining the appropriate disciplinary course of action to follow with involved students.
	The existence of school surveillance cameras, as were present in the case of Rachel Davis, SHOULD be considered by school officials in determining the appropriate disciplinary course of action to follow with involved students.
As views of child-rearing have changed, groups like the American Academy of Pediatrics , the National Association of School Psychologists and the American Medical and Bar Associations have come out against corporal punishment.
	As views of child-rearing have changed, groups like the American Academy of Pediatrics, the National Association of School Psychologists and the American Medical and Bar Associations have come out against corporal punishment.
We always talk to the child before the punishment, make sure they understand why its happening, and then talk to them again afterward.
	We always talk to the child before the punishment, make sure they understand why it s happening, and then talk to them again afterward.
Opponents of corporal punishment, including LWVO, have urged lawmakers for several years to ban corporal punishment in Ohio's schools.
	Opponents of corporal punishment, including LWVO, have urged lawmakers for several years to ban corporal punishment in Ohio 's schools.
The Center for Effective Discipline, which includes 47 Ohio organizations, has collected data and research regarding the use of corporal punishment in Ohio's schools, and has urged lawmakers to address this issue for over 20 years.
	The Center for Effective Discipline, which includes 47 Ohio organizations, has collected data and research regarding the use of corporal punishment in Ohio 's schools, and has urged lawmakers to address this issue for over 20 years.
3) Over 600 school districts in Ohio and all Catholic schools are currently educating students without using corporal punishment.
	Over 600 school districts in Ohio and all Catholic schools are currently educating students without using corporal punishment.
Many school districts have implemented positive, effective, safe, and humane strategies to help students control and improve behavior in school.
	school districts have implemented positive, effective, safe, and humane strategies to help students control and improve behavior in school.
Specifically mentioned were 'boxing children's ears' and unnatural and long-continued attitudes of restraint such as standing or kneeling.
	Specifically mentioned were ' boxing children 's ears ' and unnatural and long-continued attitudes of restraint such as standing or kneeling.
Corporal punishment, as defined by paddling, slapping or otherwise physically striking a student, is not condoned or supported by the Northeastern School District .
	Corporal punishment, as defined by paddling, slapping or otherwise physically striking a student, is not condoned or supported by the Northeastern School District.
Additionally, policies must consider special needs for students entitled to special consideration under the Individuals with Disabilities Educational Act.
	policies must consider special needs for students entitled to special consideration under the Individuals with Disabilities Educational Act.
While every other segment of our civil society has banned the practice, including our nation's military, jails and prisons, 19 states continue to allow corporal punishment in their public schools.
	While every other segment of our civil society has banned the practice, including our nation 's military, jails and prisons, 19 states continue to allow corporal punishment in their public schools.
Principals are encouraged to use a team approach in developing and evaluating the school's plan to manage student behavior.
	Principals are encouraged to use a team approach in developing and evaluating the school 's plan to manage student behavior.
Principals shall report on at least an annual basis to the superintendent and the board on the effectiveness of the plan in minimizing classroom disruptions, referrals to the principal's office and the use of out-of-school suspension.
	Principals shall report on at least an annual basis to the superintendent and the board on the effectiveness of the plan in minimizing classroom disruptions, referrals to the principal 's office and the use of out-of-school suspension.
Every school should have a discipline policy or a "Behaviour Plan" that explains the methods used by teachers and the school principal to discipline students who break school rules or behave badly.
	"Every school should have a discipline policy or a  Behaviour Plan '' that explains the methods used by teachers and the school principal to discipline students who break school rules or behave badly."""
The effects of such trauma may be compounded when a child has preexisting learning difficulties.
	effects of such trauma may be compounded when a child has preexisting learning difficulties.
Most Florida school districts have opted out of using corporal punishment, but almost every county in the state's rural North has policies that allow schools to paddle students.
	Most Florida school districts have opted out of using corporal punishment, but almost every county in the state 's rural North has policies that allow schools to paddle students.
"No child should not feel completely safe when they go to school."
	No child should not feel completely safe when they go to school.
Paddling Without Parental Consent
	Paddling without Parental Consent
And make sure to establish a punishment once the student reaches their allotment of tardies on their card.
	make sure to establish a punishment once the student reaches their allotment of tardies on their card.
Teachers will use only those punishments or sanctions which are appropriate to the individual child's needs and circumstances.
	Teachers will use only those punishments or sanctions which are appropriate to the individual child 's needs and circumstances.
Loss of privileges such as membership of clubs, the right to go on certain visits, exclusion from school teams and attendance at film shows etc.
	Loss of privileges such as membership of clubs, the right to go on certain visits, exclusion from school teams and attendance at film shows etc..
Parental Consultation will come at an early stage if and when it becomes obvious that the child's behaviour problem persists.
	Parental Consultation will come at an early stage if and when it becomes obvious that the child 's behaviour problem persists.
Yet, students in the 20 states where paddling is legal in schools are often denied this fundamental right.
	students in the 20 states where paddling is legal in schools are often denied this fundamental right.
Children are to be treated with respect for their person and individuality and may not be subjected to corporal punishment or any other humiliating treatment."
	Children are to be treated with respect for their person and individuality and may not be subjected to corporal punishment or any other humiliating treatment.
In independent schools (that is, private or non-government schools), each school can make its own rules about discipline.
	In independent schools (that is, private or non-government schools) , each school can make its own rules about discipline.
Germany prepared legislation that prohibits "slapping" a child around the face but allows a smack on the bottom.
	"Germany prepared legislation that prohibits  slapping '' a child around the face but allows a smack on the bottom."""
There are special agencies which are there to help young people and their parents work out their difficulties.
	special agencies which are there to help young people and their parents work out their difficulties.
Shockingly, in twenty states, corporal punishment is still a legal and accepted form of discipline by teachers and school administrators.
	in twenty states, corporal punishment is still a legal and accepted form of discipline by teachers and school administrators.
Why can't our children just go to school and learn instead of being subjected to the humiliation, embarrassment that only corporal punishment brings.
	Why ca n't our children just go to school and learn instead of being subjected to the humiliation, embarrassment that only corporal punishment brings.
On the basis of the Criminal Code Act (NT), it is lawful for parents and teachers (unless parents expressly withhold their consent) to apply force to a child for the purposes of discipline and correction.
	On the basis of the Criminal Code Act (NT) , it is lawful for parents and teachers (unless parents expressly withhold their consent) to apply force to a child for the purposes of discipline and correction.
Corporal punishment that results in bruising, marking or other injury lasting longer than a 24-hour period may be deemed to be "unreasonable" and thus classified as physical abuse.
	"Corporal punishment that results in bruising, marking or other injury lasting longer than a 24-hour period may be deemed to be  unreasonable '' and thus classified as physical abuse."""
As an example, the New South Wales Crimes Act 1900 (NSW) establishes that corporal punishment is unreasonable if the force is applied to any part of the head or neck of a child or to any other part of the body of a child in such a way as to be likely to cause harm to a child that lasts for more than a short period.
	the New South Wales Crimes Act 1900 (NSW) establishes that corporal punishment is unreasonable if the force is applied to any part of the head or neck of a child or to any other part of the body of a child in such a way as to be likely to cause harm to a child that lasts for more than a short period.
The criminal defence of "reasonable chastisement" used by way of correction, exists (or has existed) in many countries.
	"The criminal defence of  reasonable chastisement '' used by way of correction, exists (or has existed) in many countries."""
Go to your school district's website and look up the student code of conduct, which also covers policies on dress code, drugs and alcohol, and cell phone use.
	Go to your school district 's website and look up the student code of conduct, which also covers policies on dress code, drugs and alcohol, and cell phone use.
The child was subjected to bulling by other students that the principal failed to stop.
	child was subjected to bulling by other students that the principal failed to stop.
We can't command away the impulse to bully or command away a child's unhappiness and anger.
	We ca n't command away the impulse to bully or command away a child 's unhappiness and anger.
"Zero tolerance policies are based on fear, mostly of lawsuits.
	Zero tolerance policies are based on fear, mostly of lawsuits.
"I am not a fan of the zero-tolerance policy, especially in elementary school.
	I am not a fan of the zero-tolerance policy, especially in elementary school.
Did you know that Tennessee State Law does NOT require parental consent or notification for children to be hit with thick wooden paddles by school teachers, coaches and administrators in schools?
	Tennessee State Law does NOT require parental consent or notification for children to be hit with thick wooden paddles by school teachers, coaches and administrators in schools?
For example, for students with alcohol or gambling related disorders attending colleges with policies that interfere with treatment or fail to support recovery, the rate of relapse is likely to be higher than under a more treatment favorable public policy context.
	students with alcohol or gambling related disorders attending colleges with policies that interfere with treatment or fail to support recovery, the rate of relapse is likely to be higher than under a more treatment favorable public policy context.
Thus, any U.S. college that does not maintain a drug and alcohol education program risks losing all of its federal funding.
	any U.S. college that does not maintain a drug and alcohol education program risks losing all of its federal funding.
 College alcohol policies currently devote relatively little attention to student recovery;
	College alcohol policies currently devote relatively little attention to student recovery;
Those values will guide us in the writing of our laws and in the codes of conduct that we establish in schools.
	values will guide us in the writing of our laws and in the codes of conduct that we establish in schools.
That report, Zero Tolerance Policies in Context : A Preliminary Investigation to Identify Actions to Improve School Discipline and School Safety, was used to create these resources that can help schools to develop their plans and policies.
	That report, Zero Tolerance Policies in Context: A Preliminary Investigation to Identify Actions to Improve School Discipline and School Safety, was used to create these resources that can help schools to develop their plans and policies.
As well, the local neighbourhood, parent attitudes, school staff norms and the students themselves all mix together to establish a context that may require choice from among three alternatives: universal, selected or intensive response.
	the local neighbourhood, parent attitudes, school staff norms and the students themselves all mix together to establish a context that may require choice from among three alternatives: universal, selected or intensive response.
Administrators were concerned about the possibility of unintended consequences of zero-tolerance policies (i.e. inappropriate suspension for a minor or single infraction) but were not aware of widespread misuse of such policies .
	Administrators were concerned about the possibility of unintended consequences of zero-tolerance policies (i.e. inappropriate suspension for a minor or single infraction) but were not aware of widespread misuse of such policies.
However, alternatives such as in-school suspensions, diversion programs, student courts, community service, etc. all require resources and staffing.
	alternatives such as in-school suspensions, diversion programs, student courts, community service, etc. all require resources and staffing.
Research into the relationship between the characteristics of the school- (urban, suburban, rural, SES, etc.) and the appropriateness of sanctions and specific school rules should be conducted.
	Research into the relationship between the characteristics of the school - (urban, suburban, rural, SES, etc.) and the appropriateness of sanctions and specific school rules should be conducted.
A new federal program in the U.S. is awarding $10 million for demonstration projects that provide alternatives to suspension.
	A new federal program in the U.S. is awarding $ 10 million for demonstration projects that provide alternatives to suspension.
All of the reviews and meta-analyses of boot camps and wilderness camps indicate that the temporary shock treatment approach is ineffective in correcting youth behaviours.
	"All of the reviews and meta-analyses of boot camps and wilderness camps indicate that the temporary  shock treatment '' approach is ineffective in correcting youth behaviours."""
Aleem & Moles (1993) have emphasized that schools should emphasize academics, firm/fair/consistent standards and an ethic of caring.
	Aleem &amp; Moles (1993) have emphasized that schools should emphasize academics, firm/fair/consistent standards and an ethic of caring.
All children have a right to practice their chosen religion or lack of religion, and to be free in school of any attempt to impose someone else's beliefs on them.
	All children have a right to practice their chosen religion or lack of religion, and to be free in school of any attempt to impose someone else 's beliefs on them.
Bad behaviour had to be punished and a record was kept in the school's punishment book.
	Bad behaviour had to be punished and a record was kept in the school 's punishment book.
Corporal punishment ranged from a single stroke on the hand to four "on the seat" for offences which were considered more serious such as bad language or filthiness.
	"Corporal punishment ranged from a single stroke on the hand to four  on the seat '' for offences which were considered more serious such as bad language or filthiness."""
JACKSON - The parents of students who attend Northampton County Public Schools voiced their concerns on a social networking site after receiving a memo about corporal punishment in the school system.
	The parents of students who attend Northampton County Public Schools voiced their concerns on a social networking site after receiving a memo about corporal punishment in the school system.
Zero tolerancethe phrase says exactly what it means: no second chances, no mistakes, no questions, no ifs, ands or buts.
	Zero tolerance the phrase says exactly what it means: no second chances, no mistakes, no questions, no ifs, ands or buts.
In Toronto, Canada, a teenage boy was arrested and detained for 34 daysthrough Christmas and New Years Dayfor writing and performing a monologue in his drama class about a harassed student preparing to blow up his school.
	In Toronto, Canada, a teenage boy was arrested and detained for 34 days through Christmas and New Year s Day for writing and performing a monologue in his drama class about a harassed student preparing to blow up his school.
Zero tolerancewith its one-size-fits-all assessment of offenses and punishmentsis the wrong message.
	Zero tolerance with its one-size-fits-all assessment of offenses and punishments is the wrong message.
Just as we cannot neatly package any kid or situation, we cannot apply an all-encompassing discipline policy.
	Just as we can not neatly package any kid or situation, we can not apply an all-encompassing discipline policy.
The superintendent is directed to report annually to the board on the system's compliance with laws and policies related to student wellness.
	The superintendent is directed to report annually to the board on the system 's compliance with laws and policies related to student wellness.
(a)    Corporal punishment is defined as, and limited to, punishing or correcting a student by striking the student in the buttocks with a paddle a maximum of five (5) times.
	Corporal punishment is defined as, and limited to, punishing or correcting a student by striking the student in the buttocks with a paddle a maximum of five (5) times.
(d)    Teachers and administrators are encouraged and urged to motivate students to or for learning and behavior by means other than corporal punishment.
	Teachers and administrators are encouraged and urged to motivate students to or for learning and behavior by means other than corporal punishment.
On any additional violation, the student is subject to disciplinary action.
	additional violation, the student is subject to disciplinary action.
Other penalties include: an additional fine of up to $15 per day the child has been found unexcused from school, community service, and drivers licenses of truant students can be suspended.
	Other penalties include: an additional fine of up to $ 15 per day the child has been found unexcused from school, community service, and driver s licenses of truant students can be suspended.
All parents of children summoned to Truancy Court will be charged court costs of $25.
	All parents of children summoned to Truancy Court will be charged court costs of $ 25.
Failure to appear when summoned to Truancy Court will result in the parent(s) warrant for arrest.
	Failure to appear when summoned to Truancy Court will result in the parent (s) warrant for arrest.
If the victim of the alleged sexual harassment is a minor student and if the alleged harassment falls within the definition of abuse as found in Board's policy JGCE, Child Abuse and Neglect , then all school employees with knowledge shall be considered mandatory reporters and the allegations must be reported to child protection or law enforcement as provided by state law and the Board policy on child abuse.
	If the victim of the alleged sexual harassment is a minor student and if the alleged harassment falls within the definition of abuse as found in Board 's policy JGCE, Child Abuse and Neglect, then all school employees with knowledge shall be considered mandatory reporters and the allegations must be reported to child protection or law enforcement as provided by state law and the Board policy on child abuse.
If the conduct of a pupil becomes such that his removal from the bus becomes essential, the driver shall discharge the pupil at the pupil's regular stop.
	If the conduct of a pupil becomes such that his removal from the bus becomes essential, the driver shall discharge the pupil at the pupil 's regular stop.
The principal or designee, with the aid of the teachers, shall file a report of the school's efforts to effect regular attendance by the student with the supervisor of child welfare and attendance.
	The principal or designee, with the aid of the teachers, shall file a report of the school 's efforts to effect regular attendance by the student with the supervisor of child welfare and attendance.
c. 15 Hours Community Service to be completed within one month
	15 Hours Community Service to be completed within one month
Principals shall have both the authority and the duty to take disciplinary action whenever the behavior of any pupil(s) materially interferes with or substantially disrupts the maintenance of a proper atmosphere for learning within the classroom or other parts of the school.
	Principals shall have both the authority and the duty to take disciplinary action whenever the behavior of any pupil (s) materially interferes with or substantially disrupts the maintenance of a proper atmosphere for learning within the classroom or other parts of the school.
A pupil may be imn1ediately removed from a classroom by the teacher and placed in the custody of the principal or designee if the pupil's behavior prevents the orderly instruction of other pupils, poses an intermediate threat to the safety of pupils or the teacher, or when a pupil exhibits disrespectful or threatening behavior toward a teacher.
	A pupil may be imn1ediately removed from a classroom by the teacher and placed in the custody of the principal or designee if the pupil 's behavior prevents the orderly instruction of other pupils, poses an intermediate threat to the safety of pupils or the teacher, or when a pupil exhibits disrespectful or threatening behavior toward a teacher.
In any case where a teacher, principal, or other school employee is authorized to require the parent, tutor, or legal guardian of a pupil to attend a conference or meeting regarding the pupil's behavior, and after notice, the parent, tutor, or legal guardian willfully refuses to attend, the principal, or his designee, shall file a complaint, in accordance with statutory provisions, with a court exercising juvenile jurisdiction.
	In any case where a teacher, principal, or other school employee is authorized to require the parent, tutor, or legal guardian of a pupil to attend a conference or meeting regarding the pupil 's behavior, and after notice, the parent, tutor, or legal guardian willfully refuses to attend, the principal, or his designee, shall file a complaint, in accordance with statutory provisions, with a court exercising juvenile jurisdiction.
"Notice" of the conference, specifying the time and date of the conference, shall be given by contacting the parent, tutor, or legal guardian by telephone at the telephone number shown on the pupil's registration card or by sending a certified letter to the address shown on the pupil's registration card.
	Notice '' of the conference, specifying the time and date of the conference, shall be given by contacting the parent, tutor, or legal guardian by telephone at the telephone number shown on the pupil 's registration card or by sending a certified letter to the address shown on the pupil 's registration card.
In any case where a teacher, principal, or other school employee is authorized to require the parent, tutor, or legal guardian of a pupil to attend a conference or meeting regarding the pupil's behavior and after notice, the parent, tutor, or legal guardian willfully refuses to attend, the principal or his/her designee shall file a complaint, in accordance with statutory provisions, with a court exercising juvenile jurisdiction.
	In any case where a teacher, principal, or other school employee is authorized to require the parent, tutor, or legal guardian of a pupil to attend a conference or meeting regarding the pupil 's behavior, and after notice, the parent, tutor, or legal guardian willfully refuses to attend, the principal, or his designee, shall file a complaint, in accordance with statutory provisions, with a court exercising juvenile jurisdiction.
The principal shall file copies of his/her report with the Superintendent, other appropriate personnel and the parent or guardian and retain a copy for his/her records.
	principal shall file copies of his/her report with the Superintendent, other appropriate personnel and the parent or guardian and retain a copy for his/her records.
Such corporal punishment shall be administered only in the presence of another member of the professional staff of the school.
	corporal punishment shall be administered only in the presence of another member of the professional staff of the school.
(a)    Corporal punishment may be administered to a student in lieu of giving him a short term suspension for violation of any of the school regulations.
	Corporal punishment may be administered to a student in lieu of giving him a short term suspension for violation of any of the school regulations.
Physical restraint is the use of bodily force to limit a student's freedom of movement.
	Physical restraint is the use of bodily force to limit a student 's freedom of movement.
Physical restraint may only be used when non-physical interventions would not be effective, and the student's behavior poses a threat of imminent, serious, physical harm to self and/or others.
	Physical restraint may only be used when non-physical interventions would not be effective, and the student 's behavior poses a threat of imminent, serious, physical harm to self and/or others.
Punishing children when they do wrong seems to be one important way of doing this."
	Punishing children when they do wrong seems to be one important way of doing this.
d.  An expelled student may subsequently request readmission not more often than every six months.
	An expelled student may subsequently request readmission not more often than every six months.
e.  A decision on readmission under this section shall be issued within 30 days of the petition.
	decision on readmission under this subsection shall be issued within 30 days of the petition.
Notwithstanding any law to the contrary, any local board may refuse to admit any student who is suspended or expelled from a charter school due to actions that would lead to suspension or expulsion from a public school under
	Notwithstanding any law to the contrary, any local board may refuse to admit any student who is suspended or expelled from a charter school due to actions that would lead to suspension or expulsion from a public school
If the offense leading to the longterm suspension occurs before the final quarter of the school year, the exclusion shall be no longer than the remainder of the school year in which the offense was committed.
	If the offense leading to the longterm suspension occurs before the final quarter of the school year, the exclusion shall be no longer than the remainder of the school year in which the offense was committed.
If the offense leading to the longterm suspension occurs during the final quarter of the school year, the exclusion may include a period up to the remainder of the school year in which the offense was committed and the first semester of the following school year.
	If the offense leading to the longterm suspension occurs during the final quarter of the school year, the exclusion may include a period up to the remainder of the school year in which the offense was committed and the first semester of the following school year.
(a)  Local boards of education shall adopt policies to govern the conduct of students and establish procedures to be followed by school officials in disciplining students.
	Local boards of education shall adopt policies to govern the conduct of students and establish procedures to be followed by school officials in disciplining students.
(d)  Board policies shall not allow students to be longterm suspended or expelled from school solely for truancy or tardiness offenses and shall not allow shortterm suspension of more than two days for such offenses.
	Board policies shall not allow students to be longterm suspended or expelled from school solely for truancy or tardiness offenses and shall not allow shortterm suspension of more than two days for such offenses.
(e)  Board policies shall not impose mandatory longterm suspensions or expulsions for specific violations unless otherwise provided in State or federal law.
	Board policies shall not impose mandatory longterm suspensions or expulsions for specific violations unless otherwise provided in State or federal law.
(2)  To quell a disturbance threatening injury to others.
	To quell a disturbance threatening injury to others.
(a)  Each local board of education shall determine whether corporal punishment will be permitted in its school administrative unit.
	Each local board of education shall determine whether corporal punishment will be permitted in its school administrative unit.
(1)  Corporal punishment shall not be administered in a classroom with other students present.
	Corporal punishment shall not be administered in a classroom with other students present.
(2)  Only a teacher, principal, or assistant principal may administer corporal punishment and may do so only in the presence of a principal, assistant principal, or teacher who shall be informed beforehand and in the student's presence of the reason for the punishment.
	Only a teacher, principal, or assistant principal may administer corporal punishment and may do so only in the presence of a principal, assistant principal, or teacher who shall be informed beforehand and in the student 's presence of the reason for the punishment.
(3)  A school person shall provide the student's parent with notification that corporal punishment has been administered, and the person who administered the corporal punishment shall provide the student's parent a written explanation of the reasons and the name of the second person who was present.
	A school person shall provide the student 's parent with notification that corporal punishment has been administered, and the person who administered the corporal punishment shall provide the student 's parent a written explanation of the reasons and the name of the second person who was present.
(6)  Corporal punishment shall not be administered on a student whose parent or guardian has stated in writing that corporal punishment shall not be administered to that student.
	Corporal punishment shall not be administered on a student whose parent or guardian has stated in writing that corporal punishment shall not be administered to that student.
(c)  The principal shall provide notice to the student's parent of any shortterm suspension, including the reason for the suspension and a description of the alleged student conduct upon which the suspension is based.
	The principal shall provide notice to the student 's parent of any shortterm suspension, including the reason for the suspension and a description of the alleged student conduct upon which the suspension is based.
The notice shall be given by certified mail, telephone, facsimile, email, or any other method reasonably designed to achieve actual notice.
	The notice shall be given by certified mail, telephone, facsimile, email, or any other method reasonably designed to achieve actual notice.
(e)  A student is not entitled to appeal the principal's decision to impose a shortterm suspension to the superintendent or local board of education.
	A student is not entitled to appeal the principal 's decision to impose a shortterm suspension to the superintendent or local board of education.
Only the superintendent has the authority to longterm suspend a student.
	Only the superintendent has the authority to longterm suspend a student.
The superintendent or board shall adopt the hearing officer's or panel's factual determinations unless they are not supported by substantial evidence in the record.
	superintendent or board shall adopt the hearing officer 's or panel 's factual determinations unless they are not supported by substantial evidence in the record.
(e)  Longterm suspension hearings shall be conducted in accordance with policies adopted by the board of education.
	Longterm suspension hearings shall be conducted in accordance with policies adopted by the board of education.
(f)  Following the issuance of the decision, the superintendent shall implement the decision by authorizing the student's return to school or by imposing the suspension reflected in the decision.
	Following the issuance of the decision, the superintendent shall implement the decision by authorizing the student 's return to school or by imposing the suspension reflected in the decision.
(a)  Students who are longterm suspended shall be offered alternative education services unless the superintendent provides a significant or important reason for declining to offer such services.
	Students who are longterm suspended shall be offered alternative education services unless the superintendent provides a significant or important reason for declining to offer such services.
(2)  The student poses a threat to staff or other students.
	The student poses a threat to staff or other students.
(3)  The student substantially disrupts the learning process.
	The student substantially disrupts the learning process.
A principal shall recommend to the superintendent the 365day suspension of any student believed to have violated board policies regarding weapons.
	A principal shall recommend to the superintendent the 365day suspension of any student believed to have violated board policies regarding weapons.
(a)  Upon recommendation of the superintendent, a local board of education may expel any student 14 years of age or older whose continued presence in school constitutes a clear threat to the safety of other students or school staff.
	Upon recommendation of the superintendent, a local board of education may expel any student 14 years of age or older whose continued presence in school constitutes a clear threat to the safety of other students or school staff.
(a)  All students suspended for 365 days or expelled may, after 180 calendar days from the date of the beginning of the student's suspension or expulsion, request in writing readmission to the local school administrative unit.
	All students suspended for 365 days or expelled may, after 180 calendar days from the date of the beginning of the student 's suspension or expulsion, request in writing readmission to the local school administrative unit.
e.  A decision on readmission under this subsection shall be issued within 30 days of the petition.
	decision on readmission under this subsection shall be issued within 30 days of the petition.
"Expulsion" is the exclusion from school or individual classes for an indefinite period.
	Expulsion '' is the exclusion from school or individual classes for an indefinite period.
"Suspension" is the exclusion from school, or individual classes for a specific period of time, after which the student has a right to return.
	Suspension '' is the exclusion from school, or individual classes for a specific period of time, after which the student has a right to return.
"Discipline" constitutes all other forms of corrective action or punishment, including brief exclusions from a class for not more than the remainder of the class period, or for up to two days or until a teacher-administrator conference is held whichever is sooner, and including exclusion from any other type of activity conducted by or for the district.
	Discipline '' constitutes all other forms of corrective action or punishment, including brief exclusions from a class for not more than the remainder of the class period, or for up to two days or until a teacher-administrator conference is held whichever is sooner, and including exclusion from any other type of activity conducted by or for the district.
"We believe that school climate must be one that never tolerates violence but instead focuses on each student's success and how the school can foster a proactive approach to discipline.
	We believe that school climate must be one that never tolerates violence but instead focuses on each student 's success and how the school can foster a proactive approach to discipline.
Teachers do not punish children with read and then expect them to develop a joy for reading.
	Teachers do not punish children with reading and then expect them to develop a joy for reading.
Obviously, should there by any doubt concerning whether or not a particular action by a school district employee has the effect of causing physical pain on a pupil, the course of action most consistent with the legislative intent would be to forego such action.
	Obviously, should there be any doubt concerning whether or not a particular action by a school district employee has the effect of causing physical pain on a pupil, the course of action most consistent with the legislative intent would be to forego such action.
The best policies are those included in a comprehensive approach.
	best policies are those included in a comprehensive approach.
Exclusion is the act of preventing a student's admission to a number of schools.
	Exclusion is the act of preventing a student 's admission to a number of schools.
When an adult administers a paddling on the buttocks-the most common form of physical punishment in schools-that merely reinforces a child's belief that violence is appropriate.
	When an adult administers a paddling on the buttocks-the most common form of physical punishment in schools-that merely reinforces a child 's belief that violence is appropriate.
The Department of Education's Office of Civil Rights collects data that show clearly the extent of corporal punishment and its disparate impact based on race and disability.
	The Department of Education 's Office of Civil Rights collects data that show clearly the extent of corporal punishment and its disparate impact based on race and disability.
I strongly believe both physical and emotional punishment are scars that a child will carry for a long period.
	strongly believe both physical and emotional punishment are scars that a child will carry for a long period.
4 There are many more effective means of discipline which promote self-control and the development of appropriate socially adaptive behaviors in constructive, non-harmful ways.
	There are many more effective means of discipline which promote self-control and the development of appropriate socially adaptive behaviors in constructive, non-harmful ways.
Mental Health America is on record in support of "no reject, no eject" policies that deal with misbehavior rather than getting rid of the problem through suspension or expulsion.
	"Mental Health America is on record in support of  no reject, no eject '' policies that deal with misbehavior rather than getting rid of the problem through suspension or expulsion."""
Mental Health America supports the adoption of proactive approaches like school-wide positive behavior support and "no eject, no reject" policies.
	"Mental Health America supports the adoption of proactive approaches like school-wide positive behavior support and  no eject, no reject '' policies."""
The single desirable association was between corporal punishment and increased immediate compliance on the part of the child."
	The single desirable association was between corporal punishment and increased immediate compliance on the part of the child.
No child should be subjected to corporal punishment in school, but what's even worse is that corporal punishment is being disproportionately applied against African-American students and students with disabilities.
	No child should be subjected to corporal punishment in school, but what 's even worse is that corporal punishment is being disproportionately applied against African-American students and students with disabilities.
"As zero tolerance policies by nature do not provide guidance or instruction because they focus directly on punishment, such actions often are seen as unjust and may breed distrust of adult authority figures and nurture adversarial confrontational attitudes.
	As zero tolerance policies by nature do not provide guidance or instruction because they focus directly on punishment, such actions often are seen as unjust and may breed distrust of adult authority figures and nurture adversarial confrontational attitudes.
In contrast to zero tolerance policies, RJ is "designed to reconcile the perpetrators with the victims, creating a feeling of resolution and increasing a sense of safety."
	"In contrast to zero tolerance policies, RJ is  designed to reconcile the perpetrators with the victims, creating a feeling of resolution and increasing a sense of safety."""
Depression isn't just bad moods and occasional melancholy.
	Depression is n't just bad moods and occasional melancholy.
Types of depression include: major depression, dysthymia, adjustment disorder with depressed mood, seasonal affective disorder , and bipolar disorder or manic depression.
	Types of depression include: major depression, dysthymia, adjustment disorder with depressed mood, seasonal affective disorder, and bipolar disorder or manic depression.
Kids with dysthymia often feel "down in the dumps."
	"Kids with dysthymia often feel  down in the dumps."""
Unlike major depression, dysthymia does not severely interfere with day-to-day functioning but the "down mood" is a pervasive part of the child's world.
	"Unlike major depression, dysthymia does not severely interfere with day-to-day functioning but the  down mood '' is a pervasive part of the child 's world."""
Depression can be caused by lowered levels of neurotransmitters (chemicals that carry signals through the nervous system) in the brain, which limits a person's ability to feel good.
	Depression can be caused by lowered levels of neurotransmitters (chemicals that carry signals through the nervous system) in the brain, which limits a person 's ability to feel good.
Also, chronic illness can contribute to depression, as can the side effects of certain medicines or infections.
	chronic illness can contribute to depression, as can the side effects of certain medicines or infections.
feelings of guilt or worthlessness
	Feelings of guilt or worthlessness
Kids and teens who are depressed are more likely to use alcohol and drugs than those who aren't depressed.
	Kids and teens who are depressed are more likely to use alcohol and drugs than those who are n't depressed.
Depression can be successfully treated in more than 80% of the people who become depressed.
	Depression can be successfully treated in more than 80 % of the people who become depressed.
If you're struggling with guilt, frustration, or anger, consider counseling for yourself.
	If you 're struggling with guilt, frustration, or anger, consider counseling for yourself.
Offer your love and support and remind your child that you're there and want to hear what he or she has to say, even if it isn't pleasant.
	Offer your love and support and remind your child that you 're there and want to hear what he or she has to say, even if it is n't pleasant.
Frequent feelings of embarrassment and humiliation in school may introduce depression and anxiety .
	Frequent feelings of embarrassment and humiliation in school may introduce depression and anxiety.
The body cannot be both relaxed and tense at the same time.
	The body can not be both relaxed and tense at the same time.
Depression brings down a person's mood and energy.
	Depression brings down a person 's mood and energy.
Having a parent who gets depressed can increase someone's chances of becoming depressed.
	Having a parent who gets depressed can increase someone 's chances of becoming depressed.
Becoming depressed is never the person's fault.
	Becoming depressed is never the person 's fault.
Eating nutritious foods, getting enough sleep, daily exercise (such as walking or playing), and taking time to relax can do a lot to improve depression.
	Eating nutritious foods, getting enough sleep, daily exercise (such as walking or playing) , and taking time to relax can do a lot to improve depression.
You feel better when someone knows what you're going through.
	You feel better when someone knows what you 're going through.
Depression among youth is on the rise and as they go through the growth and change processes of adolescence where everything is new and strange, they may not realize the difference between depression and the more normal aspects of emotional changes associated with growing older
	Depression among youth is on the rise and as they go through the growth and change processes of adolescence where everything is new and strange, they may not realize the difference between depression and the more normal aspects of emotional changes associated with growing
"Depressed parents may also struggle to help their children regulate their own emotions, which may lead to poor social emotional development."
	Depressed parents may also struggle to help their children regulate their own emotions, which may lead to poor social emotional development.
"Fathers get left out of all sorts of policy and clinical deliberations about the well-being of children."
	Fathers get left out of all sorts of policy and clinical deliberations about the well-being of children.
The numbers don't indicate why symptoms of depression in parents and kids might be linked.
	The numbers do n't indicate why symptoms of depression in parents and kids might be linked.
Some kids get in over their heads and don't know how to get out.
	Some kids get in over their heads and do n't know how to get out.
Provide healthy outlets .
	Provide healthy outlets.
Cassandra learned an approach called dialectical behavioral therapy (DBT).
	Cassandra learned an approach called dialectical behavioral therapy (DBT)
When I was depressed, I didn't think I was going to make it.
	When I was depressed, I did n't think I was going to make it.
"I feel good telling my story because I like helping other people.
	I feel good telling my story because I like helping other people.
Pay attention to your child's symptoms.
	Pay attention to your child 's symptoms.
Teach your child it's okay to ask for help when they need it.
	Teach your child it 's okay to ask for help when they need it.
Once that disrespect is established, it's almost impossible to have any influence on what your teenaged son or daughter does.
	Once that disrespect is established, it 's almost impossible to have any influence on what your teenaged son or daughter does.
If you are worried about your child's behavior it is best to take them for an evaluation.
	If you are worried about your child 's behavior it is best to take them for an evaluation.
Riley states, in order to rescue your child from cognitive depression, you have to help him understand that the way he is thinking is what is actually causing him to be depressed.
	in order to rescue your child from cognitive depression, you have to help him understand that the way he is thinking is what is actually causing him to be depressed.
About 13% of adults of reproductive age experience clinical depression each year.
	About 13 % of adults of reproductive age experience clinical depression each year.
Some members stated that they didn't practice religion in their homes but would not be bothered it their child learnt about it.
	Some members stated that they did n't practice religion in their homes but would not be bothered it their child learnt about it.
Some argued that the children will 'miss out' if there is no or little religious content in the end of year concert.
	Some argued that the children will ' miss out ' if there is no or little religious content in the end of year concert.
The fact that the majority of the members of the committee are either staunch Christians or have been raised in Christian households produces a level of bias that cannot be reasoned with.
	The fact that the majority of the members of the committee are either staunch Christians or have been raised in Christian households produces a level of bias that can not be reasoned with.
I have had some difficulties with local Christians attempting to persuade children at my son's state school to attend a group they have at lunch time (Supa club).
	I have had some difficulties with local Christians attempting to persuade children at my son 's state school to attend a group they have at lunch time
A minister talks to my son's school at Easter and Xmas time about Jesus etc.
	A minister talks to my son 's school at Easter and Xmas time about Jesus etc..
I don't mind my children being taught about Christianity in an academic sense ie.
	I do n't mind my children being taught about Christianity in an academic sense
Religions can only survive by training the young to disengage the brain's natural instinct to question and check statements against experience, knowledge and observation.
	Religions can only survive by training the young to disengage the brain 's natural instinct to question and check statements against experience, knowledge and observation.
"While religious beliefs and traditions may be brought into the service in some form as they are part of the lives of members of the community, a service, unless its community has one religion shared by all, will not endorse or embrace a particular set of religious customs and beliefs.
	While religious beliefs and traditions may be brought into the service in some form as they are part of the lives of members of the community, a service, unless its community has one religion shared by all, will not endorse or embrace a particular set of religious customs and beliefs.
I chose non-scripture for my son so, for 40 mins, while his mates are discovering the 'joys of catholicism' or other christian teachings, he has to sit and play with toys, totally unstimulated.
	I chose non-scripture for my son so, for 40 mins, while his mates are discovering the ' joys of catholicism ' or other christian teachings, he has to sit and play with toys, totally unstimulated.
If other parents want their kids to be indoctrinated in religion at school that's their business but I don't see why it should prevent my children from continuing to get an education during this time.
	If other parents want their kids to be indoctrinated in religion at school that 's their business but I do n't see why it should prevent my children from continuing to get an education during this time.
I have just entered into my fourth formal grievance process with the department on the conduct and implementation of christian seminars at my children's public primary school.
	I have just entered into my fourth formal grievance process with the department on the conduct and implementation of christian seminars at my children 's public primary school.
# That the school realises it is of a secular nature and children expecting a non religious content must not experience any form of discrimination.
	That the school realises it is of a secular nature and children expecting a non religious content must not experience any form of discrimination.
As an atheist, I find this offensive, and I'm sure if any Jews or Muslims attended our school, they would find it offensive too.
	As an atheist, I find this offensive, and I 'm sure if any Jews or Muslims attended our school, they would find it offensive too.
I deeply feel it is a form of discrimination on the grounds of the child parents' personal views of the world.
	I deeply feel it is a form of discrimination on the grounds of the child parents ' personal views of the world.
My 3-4yr old has been asking to go to church, making craft 'church hats', singing hymns and praying before dinner!
	My 3-4yr old has been asking to go to church, making craft ' church hats ', singing hymns and praying before dinner!
Who knew that it could be so hard to not follow the norm and stand up for your right to be an agnostic/ atheist ?
	Who knew that it could be so hard to not follow the norm and stand up for your right to be an agnostic / atheist?
The debate over the extent to which the schools should be 'Christian' in their ethos and how this should affect the attitude to the participation of teachers, parents and children of other religious backgrounds or none is related to this and is producing a range of strong opinions.
	The debate over the extent to which the schools should be ' Christian ' in their ethos and how this should affect the attitude to the participation of teachers, parents and children of other religious backgrounds or none is related to this and is producing a range of strong opinions.
It is hard to object to parents' wish to influence their children's education or to condemn an organisation which has as one of its central aims the desire to improve community relations and end sectarian violence.
	It is hard to object to parents ' wish to influence their children 's education or to condemn an organisation which has as one of its central aims the desire to improve community relations and end sectarian violence.
Many of these parents came from relatively hard-line working class Protestant backgrounds, and they did not see their childs attendance at an integrated school as conflicting with their loyalist political views or as threatening their childrens identity.
	Many of these parents came from relatively hard-line working class Protestant backgrounds, and they did not see their child s attendance at an integrated school as conflicting with their loyalist political views or as threatening their children s identity.
Parental involvement in the integrated schools cannot therefore be defined in straightforward or definitive terms.
	Parental involvement in the integrated schools can not therefore be defined in straightforward or definitive terms.
There are also sub-committees of the parents council and the governing body to deal with specific issues such as the religious education provision and curriculum.
	There are also sub-committees of the parent s council and the governing body to deal with specific issues such as the religious education provision and curriculum.
The groups of parents supporting ethics classes are often described as 'non-religious parents' while those against ethics classes are grouped as 'faith parents'.
	The groups of parents supporting ethics classes are often described as ' non-religious parents ' while those against ethics classes are grouped as ' faith parents
Although many of the member denominations of the National Council of the Churches of Christ have issued statements supportive of public education, and although the NCCC itself has made its pro-public schools stance clear for several decades, in recent years the voices of our churches have been largely absent from the ongoing debate about the meaning and future of our nation's schools.
	Although many of the member denominations of the National Council of the Churches of Christ have issued statements supportive of public education, and although the NCC itself has made its pro-public schools stance clear for several decades, in recent years the voices of our churches have been largely absent from the ongoing debate about the meaning and future of our nation s schools.
They have been and continue to be both an avenue of opportunity and a major cohesive force in our society--a society becoming daily more diverse racially, culturally, and religiously.
	They have been and continue to be both an avenue of opportunity and a major cohesive force in our society -- a society becoming daily more diverse racially, culturally, and religiously.
Without full knowledge of our religious and democratic traditions we cannot ensure that those elected to school boards are strongly committed to both public education and religious liberty.
	Without full knowledge of our religious and democratic traditions we can not ensure that those elected to school boards are strongly committed to both public education and religious liberty.
Churches can and should emphasize--through sermons, programs, and by example--the importance of education and of public schools.
	Churches can and should emphasize -- through sermons, programs, and by example -- the importance of education and of public schools.
There is no inherent conflict between faith and science, and religious faith has nothing to fear from programs which encourage children to read and to imagine, or to see math and science as ways to understand the many wonders of God's world;
	There is no inherent conflict between faith and science, and religious faith has nothing to fear from programs which encourage children to read and to imagine, or to see math and science as ways to understand the many wonders of God 's world;
There is no inherent conflict between faith and science, and religious faith has nothing to fear from programs which encourage children to read and to imagine, or to see math and science as ways to understand the many wonders of God's world;
	There is no inherent conflict between faith and science, and religious faith has nothing to fear from programs which encourage children to read and to imagine, or to see math and science as ways to understand the many wonders of God s world;
But opting for parochial schools is an exercise of religious freedom which is outside the realm of public finance.
	opting for parochial schools is an exercise of religious freedom which is outside the realm of public finance.
Most private schools (over 75%) are parochial schools.
	Most private schools (over 75 %) are parochial schools.
They betray the faith families place in public schools by misusing Bible courses to promote their own narrow religious beliefs over all others."
	They betray the faith families place in public schools by misusing Bible courses to promote their own narrow religious beliefs over all others.
"Yet, intentionally or not, most are really courses about the religious beliefs of the teacher or minister leading the class or of those who created the course materials."
	Yet, intentionally or not, most are really courses about the religious beliefs of the teacher or minister leading the class or of those who created the course materials.
So if you are a parent who has difficulties these past days because of your teen's defiance, it is up to you to whether choose military schools or religious schools for your child's transition.
	if you are a parent who has difficulties these past days because of your teen 's defiance, it is up to you to whether choose military schools or religious schools for your child 's transition.
The school's personnel ensure to meet the students needs through working with the ministry, disciplining using the means of the Word of God, and teaching them their personal, to other people responsibilities.
	The school 's personnel ensure to meet the students needs through working with the ministry, disciplining using the means of the Word of God, and teaching them their personal, to other people responsibilities.
The religious/ catholic boarding schools could be the best assessment for the transition of a troubled teen.
	religious / catholic boarding schools could be the best assessment for the transition of a troubled teen.
To enroll them particularly in religious boarding schools , the students and their families will be introduced and be re-introduced to welcome Christ in their lives.
	To enroll them particularly in religious boarding schools, the students and their families will be introduced and be re-introduced to welcome Christ in their lives.
Answer: Military boarding schools associating religious wisdom give students the opportunity to steer from detrimental behaviors to practical and productive views in life.
	Military boarding schools associating religious wisdom give students the opportunity to steer from detrimental behaviors to practical and productive views in life.
As we have explained, we believe that the phenomenological approach to religious education reflects most closely the aims underlying 'Education for All', in laying the foundations for the kind of genuinely pluralist society which we envisaged at the opening of this report.
	As we have explained, we believe that the phenomenological approach to religious education reflects most closely the aims underlying ' Education for All ', in laying the foundations for the kind of genuinely pluralist society which we envisaged at the opening of this report.
3.18 Several teachers expressed concern to us about the difficulties of obtaining textbooks and teaching materials which reflected a multi-faith view of religious education and which did not present religions other than Christianity in negative or inaccurate terms.
	Several teachers expressed concern to us about the difficulties of obtaining textbooks and teaching materials which reflected a multi-faith view of religious education and which did not present religions other than Christianity in negative or inaccurate terms.
3.19 Some of the ethnic minority representatives whom we met expressed the opinion that only a teacher who was him or herself an adherent of a particular faith could teach that faith to pupils.
	Some of the ethnic minority representatives whom we met expressed the opinion that only a teacher who was him or herself an adherent of a particular faith could teach that faith to pupils.
3.1 Having discussed the principles which we see as underlying religious education appropriate to today's multi-faith society, we now consider how these principles are being put into practice.
	Having discussed the principles which we see as underlying religious education appropriate to today 's multi-faith society, we now consider how these principles are being put into practice.
'... religious education has a place in the educational scene on educational grounds.
	religious education has a place in the educational scene on educational grounds.
3.1 Describing: Pupils should be developing the ability to describe the moral teachings of Christianity and of other great world religions, as outlined in precepts and commandments, and in parables and other stories.
	Pupils should be developing the ability to describe the moral teachings of Christianity and of other great world religions, as outlined in precepts and commandments, and in parables and other stories.
5.2 Understanding: Pupils should be developing the ability to explain the significance of religious history and culture for believers, and the influence which religion has exerted, and continues to exert, on social and cultural life in general, both in this country and throughout the world.
	Pupils should be developing the ability to explain the significance of religious history and culture for believers, and the influence which religion has exerted, and continues to exert, on social and cultural life in general, both in this country and throughout the world.
2.10 Much of the evidence which we have received from ethnic minority communities has related to the provision of religious education in schools and particularly to the place accorded to religions other than Christianity.
	Much of the evidence which we have received from ethnic minority communities has related to the provision of religious education in schools and particularly to the place accorded to religions other than Christianity.
3.21 In most primary schools religious education takes place within the time devoted to storytelling and the time set aside for specific projects.
	In most primary schools religious education takes place within the time devoted to storytelling and the time set aside for specific projects.
Some of the religious stories may have a place, certainly how the sacred texts are handled and treated by believers in their homes and in worship as well as something about the languages they are written in.'
	Some of the religious stories may have a place, certainly how the sacred texts are handled and treated by believers in their homes and in worship as well as something about the languages they are written in.
3.22 It is important that by the time all children leave their primary schools they should be aware that there are a range of different 'living' faiths in this society.
	It is important that by the time all children leave their primary schools they should be aware that there are a range of different ' living ' faiths in this society.
The upper years, from thirteen to sixteen, are those when the teacher might try to probe as far as possible in assisting the student to understand what it means in terms of practices, belief or commitment to be Jew, a Muslim or a Christian.'
	The upper years, from thirteen to sixteen, are those when the teacher might try to probe as far as possible in assisting the student to understand what it means in terms of practices, belief or commitment to be Jew, a Muslim or a Christian.
In schools with no mosque near enough to visit, slides of the Regent's Park mosque might perhaps be shown.
	In schools with no mosque near enough to visit, slides of the Regent 's Park mosque might perhaps be shown.
'Of the 608 teachers (331 men, 277 women) who taught religious education as their first or only subject 122 (20 per cent) did not record this as their first or second subject of study.
	Of the 608 teachers (331 men, 277 women) who taught religious education as their first or only subject 122 (20 per cent) did not record this as their first or second subject of study.
4.1 Clearly a major factor in the development of religious education provision has been the availability of specialist teachers of religious education and the extent to which their training has prepared them to adopt a phenomenological approach to their work which acknowledges the religious diversity of Britain today.
	Clearly a major factor in the development of religious education provision has been the availability of specialist teachers of religious education and the extent to which their training has prepared them to adopt a phenomenological approach to their work which acknowledges the religious diversity of Britain today.
To create a Church of England School in Ealing now is to invite racial trouble.'
	To create a Church of England School in Ealing now is to invite racial trouble.
'A major worry for Muslim parents is the fact that their children soon begin to adopt English standards and ideas.
	A major worry for Muslim parents is the fact that their children soon begin to adopt English standards and ideas.
- It is important that by the time all children leave their primary schools they should be aware that there are a range of different 'living' faiths in this society.
	It is important that by the time all children leave their primary schools they should be aware that there are a range of different ' living ' faiths in this society.
Religious education at this level should be concerned with laying the foundations to enable children to develop attitudes towards all faiths and belief systems based on appreciation, interest and respect (Paragraph 3.22);
	Religious education at this level should be concerned with laying the foundations to enable children to develop attitudes towards all faiths and belief systems based on appreciation, interest and respect.
- We do not believe that a situation in which groups of children are taught exclusively by teachers of the same ethnic group is desirable from the point of view of the children, the minority community or society as a whole.
	We do not believe that a situation in which groups of children are taught exclusively by teachers of the same ethnic group is desirable from the point of view of the children, the minority community or society as a whole.
(3) It shall not be required, as a condition of any pupil attending any county school or any voluntary school, that he shall attend or abstain from attending any Sunday school or any place of religious worship.
	It shall not be required, as a condition of any pupil attending any county school or any voluntary school, that he shall attend or abstain from attending any Sunday school or any place of religious worship.
We found that most of us were very ignorant of other people's faiths and cultures.
	We found that most of us were very ignorant of other people 's faiths and cultures.
( 5 ) Moreover, the lack of a shared curriculum means that there is no comparative framework for assessing the strengths and weaknesses of Judaic teaching across the range of Jewish day schools.
	Moreover, the lack of a shared curriculum means that there is no comparative framework for assessing the strengths and weaknesses of Judaic teaching across the range of Jewish day schools.
For schools that are also under-subscribed, competition for childrenand hence issues of marketingare of crucial importance to the financial survival of institutions.
	For schools that are also under-subscribed, competition for children -- and hence issues of marketing -- are of crucial importance to the financial survival of institutions.
Launch 2 Red introduces children to some of the basic beliefs of Christianity:
	Launch 1 Red introduces children to some of the basic beliefs of Christianity:
Victoria's system, is failing to serve the interests of children and religions, because it presents children religious instruction divorced from the diverse traditions and practices of the many religious communities amongst us.
	Victoria 's system, is failing to serve the interests of children and religions, because it presents children religious instruction divorced from the diverse traditions and practices of the many religious communities amongst us.
I am quite happy for those who wish their child to have a religious education, whatever that religion may be, to have access to their faith, however I do feel that the best qualified people to do this are the parents themselves and the leaders of the parents' church/faith.
	I am quite happy for those who wish their child to have a religious education, whatever that religion may be, to have access to their faith, however I do feel that the best qualified people to do this are the parents themselves and the leaders of the parents ' church/faith.
We are Seventh-day Adventist Christians and many of the beliefs taught in the RE curriculum are "wrong" according to our doctrine.
	"We are Seventh-day Adventist Christians and many of the beliefs taught in the RE curriculum are  wrong '' according to our doctrine."""
Although many of the member denominations of the National Council of the Churches of Christ have issued statements supportive of public education, and although the NCC itself has made its pro-public schools stance clear for several decades, in recent years the voices of our churches have been largely absent from the ongoing debate about the meaning and future of our nation's schools.
	Although many of the member denominations of the National Council of the Churches of Christ have issued statements supportive of public education, and although the NCC itself has made its pro-public schools stance clear for several decades, in recent years the voices of our churches have been largely absent from the ongoing debate about the meaning and future of our nation s schools.
They have been and continue to be both an avenue of opportunity and a major cohesive force in our societya society becoming daily more diverse racially, culturally, and religiously.
	They have been and continue to be both an avenue of opportunity and a major cohesive force in our society -- a society becoming daily more diverse racially, culturally, and religiously.
We also caution that government aid to primary and secondary religious schools raises constitutional problems, and could undermine the schools' independence and/or compromise their religious message.
	We also caution that government aid to primary and secondary religious schools raises constitutional problems, and could undermine the schools ' independence and/or compromise their religious message.
We also caution that government aid to primary and secondary religious schools raises constitutional problems, and could undermine the schools' independence and/or compromise their religious message.
	We also caution that government aid to primary and secondary religious schools raises constitutional problems, and could undermine the schools independence and/or compromise their religious message.
Therefore, the churches of the National Council of the Churches of Christ state with renewed conviction their belief that "public education should have the full and conscientious support of Christians and Christian churches."
	Therefore, the churches of the National Council of the Churches of Christ state with renewed conviction their belief that public education should have the full and conscientious support of Christians and Christian churches.
We acknowledge the debate among the members of our churches over whether public funds might appropriately be used to remedy the lingering effects of racial injustice in our nation's educational system.
	We acknowledge the debate among the members of our churches over whether public funds might appropriately be used to remedy the lingering effects of racial injustice in our nation s educational system.
Churches can and should emphasizethrough sermons, programs, and by examplethe importance of education and of public schools.
	Churches can and should emphasize -- through sermons, programs, and by example -- the importance of education and of public schools.
Key to this debate is the quality of Jewish services compared with alternative provision, and the 'added values' of providing education to children in a specifically Jewish environment.
	Key to this debate is the quality of Jewish services compared with alternative provision, and the ' added values ' of providing education to children in a specifically Jewish environment.
Entrance criteria are not based on halachah , but pupils' families are expected to demonstrate that their beliefs are in tune with the ethos of the school.
	Entrance criteria are not based on halachah, but pupils ' families are expected to demonstrate that their beliefs are in tune with the ethos of the school.
Jewish practices, such as the wearing of kippot , are generally encouraged but are not obligatory.
	Jewish practices, such as the wearing of kippot, are generally encouraged but are not obligatory.
Children are taught according to a traditional Orthodox ethos, which varies according to the values and backgrounds of pupils' families.
	Children are taught according to a traditional Orthodox ethos, which varies according to the values and backgrounds of pupils ' families.
Particular traditional Jewish practices, such as the 'rites of passage' that Jewish males aged 13 and females aged 12 go through during bar mitzvah , bat mitzvah or bat chayil ceremonies, may also contribute to the success of Jewish day school pupils, particularly in English.
	Particular traditional Jewish practices, such as the ' rites of passage ' that Jewish males aged 13 and females aged 12 go through during bar mitzvah, bat mitzvah or bat chayil ceremonies, may also contribute to the success of Jewish day school pupils, particularly in English.
While a number of parents spoke positively about the attractions of formal Jewish education, others raised concerns that their children could become too insular and isolated from the 'real world' if they did not mix with those from other religious and cultural backgrounds.
	While a number of parents spoke positively about the attractions of formal Jewish education, others raised concerns that their children could become too insular and isolated from the ' real world ' if they did not mix with those from other religious and cultural backgrounds.
With the exception of parent-elected governors, the style, running and ethos of Jewish voluntary day schools--and even more so for independent schools--are determined by a 'top-down' approach.
	With the exception of parent-elected governors, the style, running and ethos of Jewish voluntary day schools -- and even more so for independent schools -- are determined by a ' top-down ' approach.
Parents typically value two aspects of Jewish day schools above all: first, academic standards (which for some parents were considered 'the bottom line') and, second, the socialization of children in the ways of Judaism.
	Parents typically value two aspects of Jewish day schools above all: first, academic standards (which for some parents were considered ' the bottom line ') and, second, the socialization of children in the ways of Judaism.
How parents want their children to be 'Jewishly' educated varies principally according to their own levels of religious observance, which in turn reflect differing emphases on the importance of social, cultural and religious aspects of Judaism.
	How parents want their children to be ' Jewishly ' educated varies principally according to their own levels of religious observance, which in turn reflect differing emphases on the importance of social, cultural and religious aspects of Judaism.
Indeed, a key policy question for strictly Orthodox schools is whether or not to seek voluntary-aided status and move into the state sector.
	a key policy question for strictly Orthodox schools is whether or not to seek voluntary-aided status and move into the state sector.
The total number of Jewish schools (both state-sector voluntary-aided and independent) rose from 23 in 1954, 57 in 1975, 70 in 1989, to 135 in 1999.
	total number of Jewish schools (both state-sector voluntary-aided and independent) rose from 23 in 1954, 57 in 1975, 70 in 1989, to 135 in 1999.
The growth in the number of Jewish day schools since 1950 was a response by communal leaders in the United Kingdom to expressed concerns about a 'crisis' in Jewish education.
	The growth in the number of Jewish day schools since 1950 was a response by communal leaders in the United Kingdom to expressed concerns about a ' crisis ' in Jewish education.
Many identified strong leadership as a key factor in the success of their children's education, although others identified this as more of an area of concern.
	Many identified strong leadership as a key factor in the success of their children 's education, although others identified this as more of an area of concern.
For schools that are also under-subscribed, competition for children--and hence issues of marketing--are of crucial importance to the financial survival of institutions.
	For schools that are also under-subscribed, competition for children -- and hence issues of marketing -- are of crucial importance to the financial survival of institutions.
Strictly Orthodox state-sector schools face similar problems to 'mainstream' institutions in terms of recruiting qualified general staff.
	Strictly Orthodox state-sector schools face similar problems to ' mainstream ' institutions in terms of recruiting qualified general staff.
The Jewish community has specialist services for assisting parents that provide facilities in tune with individuals' cultural and religious requirements.
	The Jewish community has specialist services for assisting parents that provide facilities in tune with individuals ' cultural and religious requirements.
As methods of 'Jewishly' educating children, day schools are necessarily an expensive option, requiring the teaching of not just Judaic studies but secular subjects as well.
	As methods of ' Jewishly ' educating children, day schools are necessarily an expensive option, requiring the teaching of not just Judaic studies but secular subjects as well.
Parents do have the right to remove their children from religious education but the argument is that we shouldn't be forced into the making this choice in the first place.
	Parents do have the right to remove their children from religious education but the argument is that we should n't be forced into the making this choice in the first place.
With respect to honesty, respect, love, kindness and tolerance that you have mentioned- these are all good values that should be and are taught by parents NOT by religious institutions.
	With respect to honesty, respect, love, kindness and tolerance that you have mentioned - these are all good values that should be and are taught by parents NOT by religious institutions.
Maintain an inclusive school curriculum that does not require any student to withdraw from class on account of different religious beliefs 2.
	Maintain an inclusive school curriculum that does not require any student to withdraw from class on account of different religious beliefs
Formally cease the practice of volunteer-run special religious instruction (SRI) during school hours 3.
	Formally cease the practice of volunteer-run special religious instruction (SRI) during school hours
Follow an objective, fair and balanced comparative syllabus for education about religions and beliefs 4.
	Follow an objective, fair and balanced comparative syllabus for education about religions and beliefs
Treat all religious organisations who wish to use the school facilities outside of the school day with transparent and equitable policies
	Treat all religious organisations who wish to use the school facilities outside of the school day with transparent and equitable policies.
If they can't prosthelytize during school hours, they'll promote some or other 'club', or find some other way to get your children involved and listening to their Bronze Age nonsense in a way that is pursuasive to their cause.
	If they ca n't prosthelytize during school hours, they 'll promote some or other ' club ', or find some other way to get your children involved and listening to their Bronze Age nonsense in a way that is pursuasive to their cause.
The schools are "public facilities" and as such individuals have a right to use them regardless of their religious beliefs.
	"The schools are  public facilities '' and as such individuals have a right to use them regardless of their religious beliefs."""
Religious factors Alongside the largely social and cultural Jewish factors discussed above, a number of interviewees argued that it was specifically the religious component of the school ethos that attracted them to that particular institution.
	Alongside the largely social and cultural Jewish factors discussed above, a number of interviewees argued that it was specifically the religious component of the school ethos that attracted them to that particular institution.
Growing in the faith is a life-long process that begins in early childhood and continues throughout one's life.
	Growing in the faith is a life-long process that begins in early childhood and continues throughout one 's life.
In fairness to the child, therefore, we may need to delay the child's reception of the sacrament in order to give the child more time to make up for the parents' lack of involvement.
	In fairness to the child, therefore, we may need to delay the child 's reception of the sacrament in order to give the child more time to make up for the parents ' lack of involvement.
The CNS approach, variously called ''Multi-belief'' or ''Multi-faith'' by those designing it, aims to provide faith formation.
	The CNS approach, variously called '' Multi-belief '' or '' Multi-faith '' by those designing it, aims to provide faith formation.
In 2008 almost 80% of pupils in the two brand new CNS schools were not Catholics.
	In 2008 almost 80 % of pupils in the two brand new CNS schools were not Catholics.
When some parents ask about the provision of classes in moral education instead of religious education, they are told that "moral values cannot be divorced from a religious setting".
	"When some parents ask about the provision of classes in moral education instead of religious education, they are told that  moral values can not be divorced from a religious setting"""
Also, because of the tremendous range of Jewish identities and beliefs, the children learn very quickly what true tolerance means.
	because of the tremendous range of Jewish identities and beliefs, the children learn very quickly what true tolerance means.
A nice testimonial to the school's appeal/success is that non-Jews attend because it is a very special place.
	A nice testimonial to the school 's appeal/success is that non-Jews attend because it is a very special place.
It teaches about it informatively but does not ''ram it down kids' throats.''
	It teaches about it informatively but does not '' ram it down kids ' throats.
So I support the teaching of other religions, but not by taking away a culture that has been happening in our school system since the first school was established.
	I support the teaching of other religions, but not by taking away a culture that has been happening in our school system since the first school was established.
I cannot accept that you can have both - the government advances educational apartheid while claiming that the educational framework promotes social cohesion while the selection process does not!
	I can not accept that you can have both - the government advances educational apartheid while claiming that the educational framework promotes social cohesion while the selection process does not!
The principle derived here is that a parent cannot enforce the consequences of their religious belief on a child who may as an adult choose to reject that religious belief, let alone a life or death situation.
	The principle derived here is that a parent can not enforce the consequences of their religious belief on a child who may as an adult choose to reject that religious belief, let alone a life or death situation.
However, separating children on the basis of parent's faith is encouraging people developing in their own corner of the community.
	separating children on the basis of parent 's faith is encouraging people developing in their own corner of the community.
They can also pray in a nondisruptive manner when they are not participating in school activities or are being taught.
	"They can also pray in a  nondisruptive manner '' when they are not participating in school activities or are being taught."""
Students do not have the right to force a captive audience to participate in religious exercises.
	"Students do not have the right to force a  captive audience '' to participate in religious exercises."""
Teachers can attend the meetings of religious clubs as monitors, but they may not participate in these clubs' activities.
	Teachers can attend the meetings of religious clubs as monitors, but they may not participate in these clubs ' activities.
This is of concern to women's rights campaigners, who question whether educational parity can be squared with religions that traditionally subjugate women.
	This is of concern to women 's rights campaigners, who question whether educational parity can be squared with religions that traditionally subjugate women.
If so, why are religiously sponsored academies being imposed on communities that don't want them?
	why are religiously sponsored academies being imposed on communities that do n't want them?
Questioned in the Commons by Liberal Democrat MP Dr Jenny Tonge about the use of taxpayers' money to fund the teaching of creationism, he avoided answering the question and said 'In the end, it is a more diverse school system that will deliver better results for our children and if you look at the actual results of the school, I think you will find they are very good.'
	Questioned in the Commons by Liberal Democrat MP Dr Jenny Tonge about the use of taxpayers ' money to fund the teaching of creationism, he avoided answering the question and said ' In the end, it is a more diverse school system that will deliver better results for our children and if you look at the actual results of the school, I think you will find they are very good.
In February 2006 representatives of the Church of England, the Roman Catholic Church, the Muslim Council of Britain, the Board of Deputies of British Jews, and Hindu, Sikh and Buddhist organisations signed a declaration that, in addition to teaching their own religion, schools should promote awareness of the 'tenets' of other faiths.
	In February 2006 representatives of the Church of England, the Roman Catholic Church, the Muslim Council of Britain, the Board of Deputies of British Jews, and Hindu, Sikh and Buddhist organisations signed a declaration that, in addition to teaching their own religion, schools should promote awareness of the ' tenets ' of other faiths.
Many international newcomers are surprised at how involved American parents are with their children's elementary schools.
	Many international newcomers are surprised at how involved American parents are with their children 's elementary schools.
25 The Bible may be taught in a school, but only for its historical, cultural or literary value and never in a devotional, celebratory or doctrinal manner, or in such a way that encourages acceptance of the Bible as a religious document.
	The Bible may be taught in a school, but only for its historical, cultural or literary value and never in a devotional, celebratory or doctrinal manner, or in such a way that encourages acceptance of the Bible as a religious document.
CONTROVERSIAL religious instruction classes are three times more likely to be taught at government primary schools in Melbourne's eastern suburbs than in the ethnically diverse west.
	CONTROVERSIAL religious instruction classes are three times more likely to be taught at government primary schools in Melbourne 's eastern suburbs than in the ethnically diverse west.
However, a survey by lobby group Fairness in Religions in School reveals only 28 per cent of schools in Melbourne's west provide special religious instruction, compared with more than 87 per cent of schools in the eastern suburbs.
	However, a survey by lobby group Fairness in Religions in School reveals only 28 per cent of schools in Melbourne 's west provide special religious instruction, compared with more than 87 per cent of schools in the eastern suburbs.
"It is the state deciding what religious content will be learned, and at what ages, which totally usurps the parents' authority and role."
	It is the state deciding what religious content will be learned, and at what ages, which totally usurps the parents ' authority and role.
So even the Christian viewpoint is biased.
	even the Christian viewpoint is biased.
The system was a failed attempt at removing the "secular" provision in the education act in order to introduce Christianity for its supposed role in socializing children.
	"The system was a failed attempt at removing the  secular '' provision in the education act in order to introduce Christianity for its supposed role in socializing children."""
What "faith instructors" want is the power conveyed by the state to create a situation where the children come to them as part of an activity they are compelled to do.
	"What  faith instructors '' want is the power conveyed by the state to create a situation where the children come to them as part of an activity they are compelled to do."""
Although many of the member denominations of the National Council of the Churches of Christ have issued statements supportive of public education, and although the NCC itself has made its pro-public schools stance clear for several decades, in recent years the voices of our churches have been largely absent from the ongoing debate about the meaning and future of our nations schools.
	Although many of the member denominations of the National Council of the Churches of Christ have issued statements supportive of public education, and although the NCC itself has made its pro-public schools stance clear for several decades, in recent years the voices of our churches have been largely absent from the ongoing debate about the meaning and future of our nation s schools.
They have been and continue to be both an avenue of opportunity and a major cohesive force in our societya society becoming daily more diverse racially, culturally, and religiously.
	They have been and continue to be both an avenue of opportunity and a major cohesive force in our society -- a society becoming daily more diverse racially, culturally, and religiously.
We acknowledge the debate among the members of our churches over whether public funds might appropriately be used to remedy the lingering effects of racial injustice in our nations educational system.
	We acknowledge the debate among the members of our churches over whether public funds might appropriately be used to remedy the lingering effects of racial injustice in our nation s educational system.
We also caution that government aid to primary and secondary religious schools raises constitutional problems, and could undermine the schools independence and/or compromise their religious message.
	We also caution that government aid to primary and secondary religious schools raises constitutional problems, and could undermine the schools ' independence and/or compromise their religious message.
Churches can and should emphasizethrough sermons, programs, and by examplethe importance of education and of public schools.
	Churches can and should emphasize -- through sermons, programs, and by example -- the importance of education and of public schools.
There is no inherent conflict between faith and science, and religious faith has nothing to fear from programs which encourage children to read and to imagine, or to see math and science as ways to understand the many wonders of Gods world;
	There is no inherent conflict between faith and science, and religious faith has nothing to fear from programs which encourage children to read and to imagine, or to see math and science as ways to understand the many wonders of God 's world;
There is no inherent conflict between faith and science, and religious faith has nothing to fear from programs which encourage children to read and to imagine, or to see math and science as ways to understand the many wonders of Gods world;
	There is no inherent conflict between faith and science, and religious faith has nothing to fear from programs which encourage children to read and to imagine, or to see math and science as ways to understand the many wonders of God s world;
Ontario's Education Act states that parents can remove children from classes to which they have religious or conscientious objections, but there aren't many requests.
	Ontario 's Education Act states that parents can remove children from classes to which they have religious or conscientious objections, but there are n't many requests.
Provincial and national organizations are helpful, but they can't take on roles that properly belong to parents themselves.
	Provincial and national organizations are helpful, but they ca n't take on roles that properly belong to parents themselves.
The 'Nuremburg' defence of only following existing Government policy (Orders) is not at all good enough in sidestepping the rationale for continuing with the Christian Chaplaincy program.
	The ' Nuremburg ' defence of only following existing Government policy (Orders) is not at all good enough in sidestepping the rationale for continuing with the Christian Chaplaincy program.
My statement, "The promotion of a particularly narrow religious view afforded by fundamentalist Christian Chaplains in a multicultural and multi-denominational society is unacceptable."
	The promotion of a particularly narrow religious view afforded by fundamentalist Christian Chaplains in a multicultural and multi-denominational society is unacceptable.
"Education is about giving factual information to children, in preparation for being productive and happy adults.
	Education is about giving factual information to children, in preparation for being productive and happy adults.
Instances where a Chaplain or indeed the average untrained mature adult can be of assistance to students in a non-religious manner cannot be construed as a template recipe for all or even most situations.
	Instances where a Chaplain or indeed the average untrained mature adult can be of assistance to students in a non-religious manner can not be construed as a template recipe for all or even most situations.
(5) What is the controlling mechanism preventing chaplains proselytising their religious point of view in school hours?
	What is the controlling mechanism preventing chaplains proselytising their religious point of view in school hours?
(8) Is involvement with any religious aspects of the Chaplaincy a mandatory obligation for students?
	Is involvement with any religious aspects of the Chaplaincy a mandatory obligation for students?
(4) Are Chaplains obliged to 'believe' in a fundamentalist view of Christianity?
	Are Chaplains obliged to ' believe ' in a fundamentalist view of Christianity?
(5) What is the controlling mechanism preventing Chaplains proselytising their religious point of view in school hours?
	What is the controlling mechanism preventing chaplains proselytising their religious point of view in school hours?
Parents simply want the right to form their children's religious identity without the help of parachurch missions which raid the Government and come up with insane and deeply misleading policy to impose on everyone.
	Parents simply want the right to form their children 's religious identity without the help of parachurch missions which raid the Government and come up with insane and deeply misleading policy to impose on everyone.
"Secularism protects people of religion and people of no religion.
	Secularism protects people of religion and people of no religion.
Children automatically attend these classes unless parents formally ''opt out''.
	Children automatically attend these classes unless parents formally '' opt out ''.
Other religions have complained of a ''Christian bias'' in Victorian religious education and funding.
	Other religions have complained of a '' Christian bias '' in Victorian religious education and funding.
In other words, provided the requirements of s.84(8) are met, parents could petition for Buddhist religious exercises, Jewish religious exercises, the traditional Christian religious exercises, or other.
	In other words, provided the requirements of s. 84 (8) are met, parents could petition for Buddhist religious exercises, Jewish religious exercises, the traditional Christian religious exercises, or other.
However, the parents/guardians making the petition will be responsible for providing whatever prayer books, literature, etc., are essential to the conducting of the religious exercises.
	parents/guardians making the petition will be responsible for providing whatever prayer books, literature, etc., are essential to the conducting of the religious exercises.
The government's Presidency of Religious Affairs (Diyanet) can offer summer courses on reading the Quran for children who are older than 12, with state funding.
	The government 's Presidency of Religious Affairs (Diyanet) can offer summer courses on reading the Quran for children who are older than 12, with state funding.
To avoid any mistaken perception that a school endorses student or other private speech that is not in fact attributable to the school, school officials may make appropriate, neutral disclaimers to clarify that such speech (whether religious or nonreligious) is the speaker's and not the school's.
	To avoid any mistaken perception that a school endorses student speech that is not in fact attributable to the school, school officials may make appropriate, neutral disclaimers to clarify that such speech (whether religious or nonreligious) is the speaker 's and not the school
The Supreme Court has also held, however, that the study of the Bible or of religion, when presented objectively as part of a secular program of education (e.g., in history or literature classes), is consistent with the First Amendment.
	The Supreme Court has also held, however, that the study of the Bible or of religion, when presented objectively as part of a secular program of education (e.g., in history or literature classes) , is consistent with the First Amendment.
To avoid any mistaken perception that a school endorses student speech that is not in fact attributable to the school, school officials may make appropriate, neutral disclaimers to clarify that such speech (whether religious or nonreligious) is the speaker's and not the school's.
	To avoid any mistaken perception that a school endorses student speech that is not in fact attributable to the school, school officials may make appropriate, neutral disclaimers to clarify that such speech (whether religious or nonreligious) is the speaker 's and not the school
However, teachers may informally discuss religious topics among themselves, provided those discussions do not interfere with their duties and do not take place in the presence of students.
	teachers may informally discuss religious topics among themselves, provided those discussions do not interfere with their duties and do not take place in the presence of students.
One court has held that school officials may, without unconstitutionally establishing religion, prohibit the scheduling of extra- curricular activities on Friday night, Saturday and Sunday morning to avoid conflicts with students' religious observances.
	One court has held that school officials may, without unconstitutionally establishing religion, prohibit the scheduling of extra - curricular activities on Friday night, Saturday and Sunday morning to avoid conflicts with students ' religious observances.
And another court has held that penalties (such as the refusal to provide make-up examinations or the lowering of grades) cannot be imposed on students absent for religious holidays.
	another court has held that penalties (such as the refusal to provide make-up examinations or the lowering of grades) can not be imposed on students absent for religious holidays.
Remember, it is illegal for an government agency to insist on a child regularly attending a Christian church.
	it is illegal for an government agency to insist on a child regularly attending a Christian church.
Equally unconstitutional was an "equal access" plan under which student volunteers could recite prayers of their own choosing as part of a pre-game ceremony.
	"Equally unconstitutional was an  equal access '' plan under which student volunteers could recite prayers of their own choosing as part of a pre-game ceremony."""
And public school teachers may not pray with, or in the presence of, their students.
	public school teachers may not pray with, or in the presence of, their students.
Public school libraries may include significant religious literature, provided that no one sect's literature is favored, and the library as a whole does not show any preference for religious works.
	Public school libraries may include significant religious literature, provided that no one sect 's literature is favored, and the library as a whole does not show any preference for religious works.
Do these people only single out Pagans, or are they the same way with Muslims, Jews, etc.
	Do these people only single out Pagans, or are they the same way with Muslims, Jews, etc..
There's an effort afoot to amend the California constitution to make California school systems give King James Bibles to every public school student, unless parents specifically filed an objection.
	There 's an effort afoot to amend the California constitution to make California school systems give King James Bibles to every public school student, unless parents specifically filed an objection.
These Bibles would then be used as textbooks in literature classes "without devotional or denominational purpose."
	"These Bibles would then be used as textbooks in literature classes  without devotional or denominational purpose."""
Although public schools may teach about religious holidays, including their religious aspects, and may celebrate the secular aspects of holidays, schools may not observe holidays as religious events or promote such observance by students."
	Although public schools may teach about religious holidays, including their religious aspects, and may celebrate the secular aspects of holidays, schools may not observe holidays as religious events or promote such observance by students.
Georgia State Schools Superintendent Kathy Cox apologized for taking the word "evolution" out of Georgia's science middle and high school curricula.
	"Georgia State Schools Superintendent Kathy Cox apologized for taking the word  evolution '' out of Georgia 's science middle and high school curricula."""
Society could benefit from a compulsory course about religions with the purpose of promoting an understanding and appreciation of diversity, respect for everyone's human rights as well as providing an objective presentation of religions.
	Society could benefit from a compulsory course about religions with the purpose of promoting an understanding and appreciation of diversity, respect for everyone 's human rights as well as providing an objective presentation of religions.
Only those faiths considered to be the 'main religions in the school community' will be provided with State-funded faith-formation teachers, and those that do not qualify will be taught a common ethics programme."
	Only those faiths considered to be the ' main religions in the school community ' will be provided with State-funded faith-formation teachers, and those that do not qualify will be taught a common ethics programme.
Children who wish for a religious education in school are catered for and children who don't get an ethics programme, supposedly similar to that given in Educate Together.
	Children who wish for a religious education in school are catered for and children who do n't get an ethics programme, supposedly similar to that given in Educate Together.
The community national schools provides for faith formation in line with the wishes of parents and that's very important.
	The community national schools provides for faith formation in line with the wishes of parents and that 's very important.
You can't expect a child to leave their religious identity at the school door because they're afraid to mention it.
	You ca n't expect a child to leave their religious identity at the school door because they 're afraid to mention it.
Three years prior to each student's 13th birthday, the families of students with significant special needs begin to work with Cantor Einhorn to prepare for their Bar/Bat Mitzvah ceremonies.
	Three years prior to each student 's 13th birthday, the families of students with significant special needs begin to work with Cantor Einhorn to prepare for their Bar/Bat Mitzvah ceremonies.
These reports will summarize your child's achievements, abilities and areasfor improvement in class.
	These reports will summarize your child 's achievements, abilities and areasfor improvement in class.
Even though it costs $5,000 per person per student, to educate a kid in a public school, they figure that if we transfer even a fraction of that money, half of that money, to a parochial school, somehow we are advancing religion.
	Even though it costs $ 5,000 per person per student, to educate a kid in a public school, they figure that if we transfer even a fraction of that money, half of that money, to a parochial school, somehow we are advancing religion.
If it costs $5,000 to do a secular education, then $2,500 doesn't even get you the full cost of a secular education, much less advancing religion.
	If it costs $ 5,000 to do a secular education, then $ 2,500 does n't even get you the full cost of a secular education, much less advancing religion.
And many if not most of these schools make no claim that their teachers will try to distinguish between when they are engaging in secular teaching and when they're being a religious teacher.
	And many if not most of these schools make no claim that their teachers will try to distinguish between when they are engaging in secular teaching and when they 're being a religious teacher.
I think that when you think about that as a judicial remedy to a desegregation case, it's important to think about other remedies that were not given to these parents, and that that's key because key in this case for Establishment Clause purposes is whether this is really about free choice, whether these parents choose to attend these religious schools.
	I think that when you think about that as a judicial remedy to a desegregation case, it 's important to think about other remedies that were not given to these parents, and that that 's key because key in this case for Establishment Clause purposes is whether this is really about free choice, whether these parents choose to attend these religious schools.
Third, I reject the notion the public schools are promoting a religion, or an anti-religion of secular humanism.
	I reject the notion the public schools are promoting a religion, or an anti-religion of secular humanism.
The Catholic school's not just interested in teaching religion, but they have had a mission to serve more children.
	The Catholic school 's not just interested in teaching religion, but they have had a mission to serve more children.
But I think that my concern here is with the Establishment Clause - that if this is being defended as not a primary effect with advancing religion because in fact there's free choice.
	But I think that my concern here is with the Establishment Clause - that if this is being defended as not a primary effect with advancing religion because in fact there 's free choice.
Secondly, the crux of the matter, and what I think we'll spend a lot of time talking about today, is the question of whether the voucher plan has the forbidden primary effect of advancing religion, which would be prohibited by our Constitution.
	Secondly, the crux of the matter, and what I think we 'll spend a lot of time talking about today, is the question of whether the voucher plan has the forbidden primary effect of advancing religion, which would be prohibited by our Constitution.
In 'Faith in the System,' the Government and religious groups confirmed their commitment to continue to work together - and with schools with and without a religious character - to improve the life chances of children, to build bridges to greater mutual trust and understanding and to contribute to a just and cohesive society.
	In ' Faith in the System, ' the Government and religious groups confirmed their commitment to continue to work together - and with schools with and without a religious character - to improve the life chances of children, to build bridges to greater mutual trust and understanding and to contribute to a just and cohesive society.
 Faith schools which are their own admission authorities are ten times more likely to be highly unrepresentative of their surrounding area than faith schools where the local authority is the admission authority.
	Faith schools which are their own admission authorities are ten times more likely to be highly unrepresentative of their surrounding area than faith schools where the local authority is the admission authority.
Many schools wish to have an ethos that brings together children from different ethnic and cultural backgrounds whilst making accommodations to meet individual needs."
	Many schools wish to have an ethos that brings together children from different ethnic and cultural backgrounds whilst making accommodations to meet individual needs.
"Staff in secondary and primary faith schools are only half as likely to say that homophobic bullying is a serious problem in their schools compared to staff in non-faith schools.
	Staff in secondary and primary faith schools are only half as likely to say that homophobic bullying is a serious problem in their schools compared to staff in non-faith schools.
It appears that most of the apparent advantage of faith school education in England can be explained by differences between the pupils who attend these schools and those who do not."
	It appears that most of the apparent advantage of faith school education in England can be explained by differences between the pupils who attend these schools and those who do not.
In a 6-3 decision, the Supreme Court wrote that it did not believe the danger that ''children would misperceive the endorsement of religion is any greater than the danger that they would perceive a hostility toward the religious viewpoint if the club were excluded from the public forum.''
	In a 6-3 decision, the Supreme Court wrote that it did not believe the danger that '' children would misperceive the endorsement of religion is any greater than the danger that they would perceive a hostility toward the religious viewpoint if the club were excluded from the public forum.
(Schools do have a legal right to exclude controversial groups because of safety concerns if their presence at the school would be disruptive and dangerous.)
	(Schools do have a legal right to exclude controversial groups because of safety concerns if their presence at the school would be disruptive and dangerous.
If your religious or moral "values" can not coexist with modern science and basic sexual information, then you need to rethink them.
	"If your religious or moral  values '' can not coexist with modern science and basic sexual information, then you need to rethink them."""
Catering to each individual parent's wishes/beliefs/ignorances would be a ridiculous nightmare.
	Catering to each individual parent 's wishes/beliefs/ignorances would be a ridiculous nightmare.
"If teachers are worried about suffering some negative consequence from talking about these subjects then the easiest thing would be to not talk about them at all.
	If teachers are worried about suffering some negative consequence from talking about these subjects then the easiest thing would be to not talk about them at all.
Kim Catholic schools actually teach about tolerance and evolution.
	Catholic schools actually teach about tolerance and evolution.
This teacher, appears to believe in teaching students to examine things from all angles, and think for themselves, rather than accept whatever the government or anyone else is trying to force feed down students' throats.
	This teacher, appears to believe in teaching students to examine things from all angles, and think for themselves, rather than accept whatever the government or anyone else is trying to force feed down students ' throats.
Integral to each class session is an understanding of the gospel message of Jesus Christ; its application to their lives as Catholic Christians, and the teachings and traditions of our church.
	Integral to each class session is an understanding of the gospel message of Jesus Christ; it 's application to their lives as Catholic Christians, and the teachings and traditions of our church.
3) Support from the Religious Education office that enables parents to prepare their child for the reception of the Sacraments.
	Support from the Religious Education office that enables parents to prepare their child for the reception of the Sacraments.
Still, despite their distinct religious missions, the sharp boundary between public schools and private religious schools makes it difficult for us to see the ways in which today's so-called private schools perform public functions.
	Still, despite their distinct religious missions, the sharp boundary between public schools and private religious schools makes it difficult for us to see the ways in which today 's so-called private schools perform public functions.
Most of the "integration" of religion and basic subject matter at Christian schools would not offend the average American of any faith.
	"Most of the  integration '' of religion and basic subject matter at Christian schools would not offend the average American of any faith."""
Parents' commitment to a Christian school is also looser than it might seem, since American individualism and parents' concern for their children often trump institutional and community authority.
	Parents ' commitment to a Christian school is also looser than it might seem, since American individualism and parents ' concern for their children often trump institutional and community authority.
Evangelicals usually leave public schools reluctantly and see Christian schools as a stopgap measure in these "troubled" times.
	"Evangelicals usually leave public schools reluctantly and see Christian schools as a stopgap measure in these  troubled '' times."""
Obesity can have a severe impact on people's health, increasing the risk of type 2 diabetes, some cancers, and heart and liver disease.
	Obesity can have a severe impact on people 's health, increasing the risk of type 2 diabetes, some cancers, and heart and liver disease.
Sharing a child's results with the parents gives them the information they need to make the best possible decisions about their child's health.
	Sharing a child 's results with the parents gives them the information they need to make the best possible decisions about their child 's health.
The advertising and marketing of food to children can influence children's food habits.
	advertising and marketing of food to children can influence children 's food habits.
"Because of the increasing rates of obesity, unhealthy eating habits and physical activity, we may see the first generation that will be less healthy and have a shorter life expectancy than their parents."
	Because of the increasing rates of obesity, unhealthy eating habits and physical activity, we may see the first generation that will be less healthy and have a shorter life expectancy than their parents.
"Because of the increasing rates of obesity, unhealthy eating habits and physical activity, we may see the first generation that will be less healthy and have a shorter life expectancy than their parents."
	Because of the increasing rates of obesity, unhealthy eating habits and physical inactivity, we may see the first generation that will be less healthy and have a shorter life expectancy than their parents.
The good news is that evidence shows it is much easier to change a child's eating and exercise habits than it is to alter an adult's.
	The good news is that evidence shows it is much easier to change a child 's eating and exercise habits than it is to alter an adult 's.
Health care professionals have pointed out that many mothers who had overweight children didn't feel that their children were overweight.
	Health care professionals have pointed out that many mothers who had overweight children did n't feel that their children were overweight.
Many also believe that their child will 'outgrow' the weight problem.
	Many also believe that their child will ' outgrow ' the weight problem.
Parents may lack the knowledge or ability to effectively discipline their child, giving in to their child's demands more often than not.
	Parents may lack the knowledge or ability to effectively discipline their child, giving in to their child 's demands more often than not.
If obesity runs in the family, it greatly influences parents' and grandparents' ideas about the causes and cures for it and can produce feelings of guilt, shame, or vulnerability.
	If obesity runs in the family, it greatly influences parents ' and grandparents ' ideas about the causes and cures for it and can produce feelings of guilt, shame, or vulnerability.
Some children's obesity can be traced to medical conditions, chemical sensitivity, or even adrenal gland function.
	Some children 's obesity can be traced to medical conditions, chemical sensitivity, or even adrenal gland function.
First, the "clean your plate" rule, a well-meaning standard in both of these girls' lives, can be counterproductive.
	"First, the  clean your plate '' rule, a well-meaning standard in both of these girls ' lives, can be counterproductive."""
    If you are concerned about your child's weight, make an appointment with her physician to rule out any physical causes.
	If you are concerned about your child 's weight, make an appointment with her physician to rule out any physical causes.
    Talk to your child about healthy food choices.
	Talk to your child about healthy food choices.
    Plan out menus together and encourage your child to participate in meal preparation.
	Plan out menus together and encourage your child to participate in meal preparation.
    Model healthy eating and exercise behaviors.
	Model healthy eating and exercise behaviors.
    Talk to your child about the reasons we eat - to nourish ourselves - and help her have an awareness of eating for non-hunger reasons.
	Talk to your child about the reasons we eat - to nourish ourselves - and help her have an awareness of eating for non-hunger reasons.
Access to a responsible, trustworthy adult will be a tremendous asset to your child's emotional well being.
	Access to a responsible, trustworthy adult will be a tremendous asset to your child 's emotional well being.
    Encourage your child to join extracurricular activities such as sports, which may help improve her self-esteem and physical health.
	Encourage your child to join extracurricular activities such as sports, which may help improve her self-esteem and physical health.
You have to eat less and exercise more.''
	You have to eat less and exercise more.
MANY parents are ''in complete denial'' about their child's weight, obesity specialists say.
	MANY parents are '' in complete denial '' about their child 's weight, obesity specialists say.
The CDC estimates that 61% of obese young people have at least one additional risk factor for heart disease, such as high cholesterol or high blood pressure.
	The CDC estimates that 61 % of obese young people have at least one additional risk factor for heart disease, such as high cholesterol or high blood pressure.
3 In addition, children who are obese are at greater risk for bone and joint problems, sleep apnea, and social and psychological problems such as stigmatization and poor self-esteem.
	children who are obese are at greater risk for bone and joint problems, sleep apnea, and social and psychological problems such as stigmatization and poor self-esteem.
For young children, it is the parents' responsibility to determine when and how many times a child eats and what food is offered.
	For young children, it is the parents ' responsibility to determine when and how many times a child eats and what food is offered.
To provide a "safe" environment, parents should limit the amount of high calorie foods in the house, discourage eating in front of the television, and serve age-appropriate portion sizes.
	"To provide a  safe '' environment, parents should limit the amount of high calorie foods in the house, discourage eating in front of the television, and serve age-appropriate portion sizes."""
BMI is used because it provides a reasonable estimate of adiposity (body fatness), and it relates to adverse health outcomes.
	BMI is used because it provides a reasonable estimate of adiposity (body fatness) , and it relates to adverse health outcomes.
Studies indicate that genetic factors determine up to 75% of our body weight.
	Studies indicate that genetic factors determine up to 75 % of our body weight.
Meals at restaurants tend to be very caloric because they are served in large portions, and they are high in fat and calories (see Table).
	Meals at restaurants tend to be very caloric because they are served in large portions, and they are high in fat and calories
Pulmonary - Overweight children may have obstructive sleep apnea, a condition that occurs when there is an obstruction in the upper airway, making breathing difficult during sleep.
	Overweight children may have obstructive sleep apnea, a condition that occurs when there is an obstruction in the upper airway, making breathing difficult during sleep.
Dietary - Diets that focus on eliminating specific nutrients have not been studied extensively in children.
	Diets that focus on eliminating specific nutrients have not been studied extensively in children.
A nutritionist often is helpful in evaluating a child's eating patterns and in educating families how to make healthy low calorie choices.
	A nutritionist often is helpful in evaluating a child 's eating patterns and in educating families how to make healthy low calorie choices.
A child's diet should be analyzed, with particular attention to the amount of juice and soft drink consumption, frequency of eating outside the home, school lunches, portion sizes, and snacking.
	A child 's diet should be analyzed, with particular attention to the amount of juice and soft drink consumption, frequency of eating outside the home, school lunches, portion sizes, and snacking.
How often adults eat healthy foods can be related to their child's weight.
	How often adults eat healthy foods can be related to their child 's weight.
Children who believe they are overweight are more likely to report that their parents have been always or often stressed or worried in the past month than children who see themselves as having a normal weight (39 percent vs. 30 percent).
	Children who believe they are overweight are more likely to report that their parents have been always or often stressed or worried in the past month than children who see themselves as having a normal weight (39 percent vs. 30 percent)
That is, 58 percent agreed eating healthy was extremely or very important but just 31 percent thought they were doing an excellent or very good job in doing so.
	58 percent agreed eating healthy was extremely or very important but just 31 percent thought they were doing an excellent or very good job in doing so.
Likewise, 54 percent agreed that being physically active was extremely or very important, but just 27 percent were happy with their achievement in this area.
	54 percent agreed that being physically active was extremely or very important, but just 27 percent were happy with their achievement in this area.
What I mean is that I don't think we should blame parents for unintentionally passing on bad habits.
	What I mean is that I do n't think we should blame parents for unintentionally passing on bad habits.
So, apart from anything else, parents need to have a basic level of competence if they are to meet society's expectations for the protection and care of vulnerable children.
	So, apart from anything else, parents need to have a basic level of competence if they are to meet society 's expectations for the protection and care of vulnerable children.
62% of school children have no fixed meal and snack times
	62 % of school children have no fixed meal and snack times
43% do not eats fruits and vegetables every day
	43 % do not eats fruits and vegetables every day
32% consume junk food as a major meal at least 3 times a week
	32 % consume junk food as a major meal at least 3 times a week
Beliefs that being overweight is a sign of economic prosperity, that an active, outdoor, childhood is not encouraged because it is not as "important" as an academic childhood and the concept that children will "shed the weight as they grow up" continue to contribute to childhood obesity cases.
	"Beliefs that being overweight is a sign of economic prosperity, that an active, outdoor, childhood is not encouraged because it is not as  important '' as an academic childhood and the concept that children will "" shed the weight as they grow up '' continue to contribute to childhood obesity cases."""
At a child's baby stage, plump is not uncommon, but when a child adds more weight than is proportionate to his height, it may be time to worry about obesity.
	At a child 's baby stage, plump is not uncommon, but when a child adds more weight than is proportionate to his height, it may be time to worry about obesity.
So, parents should encourage their children to eat less high-fat and high-sugar foods.
	parents should encourage their children to eat less high-fat and high-sugar foods.
If you suspect your child is obese take him to a doctor to measure his body mass index (BMI).
	If you suspect your child is obese take him to a doctor to measure his body mass index (BMI)
The only long-term strategy in the country's fight against obesity is to fix it at source - focussing on the year[s] before/during pregnancy, birth and the child's very early years.
	The only long-term strategy in the country 's fight against obesity is to fix it at source - focussing on the year [s] before/during pregnancy, birth and the child 's very early years.
The Department of Health is partnering with the TV children's programme LazyTown  in an initiative to help 2-5 yr olds ditch junk food and take up more healthy exercise.
	The Department of Health is partnering with the TV children 's programme LazyTown in an initiative to help 2-5 yr olds ditch junk food and take up more healthy exercise.
"Because of the increasing rates of obesity, unhealthy eating habits and physical inactivity, we may see the first generation that will be less healthy and have a shorter life expectancy than their parents."
	Because of the increasing rates of obesity, unhealthy eating habits and physical activity, we may see the first generation that will be less healthy and have a shorter life expectancy than their parents.
"Because of the increasing rates of obesity, unhealthy eating habits and physical inactivity, we may see the first generation that will be less healthy and have a shorter life expectancy than their parents."
	Because of the increasing rates of obesity, unhealthy eating habits and physical inactivity, we may see the first generation that will be less healthy and have a shorter life expectancy than their parents.
That's why recommendations that focus on small but permanent changes in eating may work better than a series of short-term changes that can't be sustained.
	recommendations that focus on small but permanent changes in eating may work better than a series of short-term changes that ca n't be sustained.
Parents who model healthy eating and physical activity can positively influence their children's health.
	Parents who model healthy eating and physical activity can positively influence their children 's health.
In treating most overweight children, the main emphasis should be to prevent weight gain above what's appropriate for expected increases in height.
	In treating most overweight children, the main emphasis should be to prevent weight gain above what 's appropriate for expected increases in height.
Showing children healthy eating habits by having a balanced diet and active lifestyle yourself are very important when trying to develop children's own healthy routines.
	Showing children healthy eating habits by having a balanced diet and active lifestyle yourself are very important when trying to develop children 's own healthy routines.
Positive ways of encouraging physical exercise include family outings that involve physical activity, participation in children's community sports, or simply safe outdoor play.
	Positive ways of encouraging physical exercise include family outings that involve physical activity, participation in children 's community sports, or simply safe outdoor play.
Nearly 60% of people worry about friends or family who have large waistlines but feel prevented from talking to them about their size.
	Nearly 60 % of people worry about friends or family who have large waistlines but feel prevented from talking to them about their size.
A child's obesity originates in many complex factors including genetics, the advertising industries that court them, the addictive allure of overeating, their peer relationships, medical conditions, and their difficulty in emotionally regulating themselves (food becomes soothing).
	A child 's obesity originates in many complex factors including genetics, the advertising industries that court them, the addictive allure of overeating, their peer relationships, medical conditions, and their difficulty in emotionally regulating themselves (food becomes soothing)
American researchers have discovered that meals in a fast-food lunch restaurant located inside a children's hospital accounted for up to 50% of a child's daily calorific needs.
	American researchers have discovered that meals in a fast-food lunch restaurant located inside a children 's hospital accounted for up to 50 % of a child 's daily calorific needs.
Paediatricians in New York are claiming that phthalates, chemical ingredients in 70% of cosmetics and some household cleaning products have been shown to throw the body's natural weight control system off kilter.
	Paediatricians in New York are claiming that phthalates, chemical ingredients in 70 % of cosmetics and some household cleaning products have been shown to throw the body 's natural weight control system off kilter.
Children's fatness, however, should not be assessed on waist measurement alone: their body mass index [BMI] should be calculated and referenced on a BMI growth chart.
	Children 's fatness, however, should not be assessed on waist measurement alone: their body mass index [BMI] should be calculated and referenced on a BMI growth chart.
To-day's publication of the journal of the American Medical Association states that putting children temporarily in foster care is in some cases more ethical than obesity surgery.
	To-day 's publication of the journal of the American Medical Association states that putting children temporarily in foster care is in some cases more ethical than obesity surgery.
The biggest flaw in the study is that the schools did not tell the parents that their child was " overweight " or " obese " but simply gave them its BMI.
	The biggest flaw in the study is that the schools did not tell the parents that their child was '' overweight '' or '' obese '' but simply gave them its BMI.
treatment for obesity is unlikely to succeed if we deal only with the child and not with the child's prevailing environment;
	treatment for obesity is unlikely to succeed if we deal only with the child and not with the child 's prevailing environment;
It pledges ultimately to reduce sugars, saturated fats and calories [20%] by 2020 and sodium content [15%] by 2015.
	It pledges ultimately to reduce sugars, saturated fats and calories [20 %] by 2020 and sodium content [15 %] by 2015.
You can tell your children how to eat well, but experts say it's better to show them.
	You can tell your children how to eat well, but experts say it 's better to show them.
It's crucial, she says, to find those children before their condition progresses to diabetes so that it can be reversed by lifestyle changes, without medication.
	It 's crucial, she says, to find those children before their condition progresses to diabetes so that it can be reversed by lifestyle changes, without medication.
Starting in March, more than 17,500 pediatricians' offices are to receive free copies of "The Very Hungry Caterpillar," packaged with growth charts and a reading guide designed to help parents use the story to talk to their young children about healthy eating.
	"Starting in March, more than 17,500 pediatricians ' offices are to receive free copies of  The Very Hungry Caterpillar, '' packaged with growth charts and a reading guide designed to help parents use the story to talk to their young children about healthy eating."""
Parents can pointedly note the unhappy results of his weekend binge -- the stomachache -- and remind their child that a sensation of fullness is a good signal that it's time to stop eating.
	Parents can pointedly note the unhappy results of his weekend binge -- the stomachache -- and remind their child that a sensation of fullness is a good signal that it 's time to stop eating.
Overweight children who become overweight young adults appear to have an increased risk of developing asthma compared with children who don't carry extra pounds or whose weight normalizes as they grow, researchers reported.
	Overweight children who become overweight young adults appear to have an increased risk of developing asthma compared with children who do n't carry extra pounds or whose weight normalizes as they grow, researchers reported.
"However, it is possible that asthma may limit one's ability to partake in physical activity, resulting in obesity."
	However, it is possible that asthma may limit one 's ability to partake in physical activity, resulting in obesity.
"If you don't over-feed children we are going to have less asthma."
	If you do n't over-feed children we are going to have less asthma.
Twelve (16.5%) of those who were overweight as a child and still overweight as a young adult developed asthma.
	Twelve (16.5 %) of those who were overweight as a child and still overweight as a young adult developed asthma.
Many childhood obesity and nutrition experts believe that the first lady's initiative is an important step in raising national awareness about childhood obesity, which in 2008 reached an all-time high of 17% among kids age 2 through 19, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
	Many childhood obesity and nutrition experts believe that the first lady 's initiative is an important step in raising national awareness about childhood obesity, which in 2008 reached an all-time high of 17 % among kids age 2 through 19, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Getting people to make these healthy choices and sustain them over time is very much a challenge."
	Getting people to make these healthy choices and sustain them over time is very much a challenge.
In this study they examine what happens to parents' weight, physical activity and cardiovascular disease risk factors when their children are being treated for obesity and test their belief by comparing two approaches; one targeting the parents only, the other targeting the children only.
	In this study they examine what happens to parents ' weight, physical activity and cardiovascular disease risk factors when their children are being treated for obesity and test their belief by comparing two approaches; one targeting the parents only, the other targeting the children only.
"Physical activity is the most effective tool in fighting childhood obesity."
	Physical activity is the most effective tool in fighting childhood obesity.
It's about health.
	It 's about health.
Parents assume kids will outgrow it or slim down but many don't.
	Parents assume kids will outgrow it or slim down but many do n't.
Children don't just feed themselves or pay for their own junk food.
	Children do n't just feed themselves or pay for their own junk food.
Moms push milk and food constantly and I think it's because a normal child looks small because so many children are big.
	Moms push milk and food constantly and I think it 's because a normal child looks small because so many children are big.
Its probably not a good idea to use food as a calmer, he said, adding that parents of these children might benefit from education programs.
	It s probably not a good idea to use food as a calmer, he said, adding that parents of these children might benefit from education programs.
While numerous risk factors for overweight children have been identified  including low socioeconomic status, higher birth weight and lack of physical activity  few studies have examined these factors in infancy and early childhood.
	While numerous risk factors for overweight children have been identified including low socioeconomic status, higher birth weight and lack of physical activity few studies have examined these factors in infancy and early childhood.
Whereas parents that attempt to limit food(s) may actually promote increased preference and consumption of the limited food(s) in children.
	parents that attempt to limit food (s) may actually promote increased preference and consumption of the limited food (s) in children.
Fast food outlets spend $3 billion in television ads targeted to children.
	Fast food outlets spend $ 3 billion in television ads targeted to children.
[87] , [88] , [89] Other studies indicate that 50-70 percent of a persons BMI and degree of adiposity (fatness) is determined by genetic influences and that there is a 75 percent chance that a child will be overweight if both parents are obese, and a 25-50 percent chance if just one parent is obese.
	Other studies indicate that 50-70 percent of a person 's BMI and degree of adiposity (fatness) is determined by genetic influences and that there is a 75 percent chance that a child will be overweight if both parents are obese, and a 25-50 percent chance if just one parent is obese.
[11] Obesity in adulthood increases the risk of diabetes, h igh blood pressure, high cholesterol, asthma, arthritis, and a general poor health status.
	Obesity in adulthood increases the risk of diabetes, h igh blood pressure, high cholesterol, asthma, arthritis, and a general poor health status.
[14] Specific causes for the increase in prevalence of childhood obesity are not clear and establishing causality is difficult since longitudinal research in this area is limited.
	Specific causes for the increase in prevalence of childhood obesity are not clear and establishing causality is difficult since longitudinal research in this area is limited.
Convenience has become one of the main criteria for Americans food choices today, leading more and more people to consume away-from-home quick service or restaurant meals or to buy ready-to-eat, low cost, quickly accessible meals to prepare at home.
	Convenience has become one of the main criteria for American 's food choices today, leading more and more people to consume ' away-from-home ' quick service or restaurant meals or to buy ready-to-eat, low cost, quickly accessible meals to prepare at home.
In 1994-1996, adolescent girls and boys only consumed 12 and 30 percent, respectively, of the Food Guide Pyramids serving recommendations for dairy; and 18 and 14 percent, respectively, of the serving recommendations for fruit.
	In 1994-1996, adolescent girls and boys only consumed 12 and 30 percent, respectively, of the Food Guide Pyramid 's serving recommendations for dairy; and 18 and 14 percent, respectively, of the serving recommendations for fruit.
Watching television, using the computer, and playing video games occupy a large percentage of childrens leisure time, influencing their physical activity levels.
	Watching television, using the computer, and playing video games occupy a large percentage of children 's leisure time, influencing their physical activity levels.
It will also be important to demonstrate that making deliberate changes to a woman's fat intake during pregnancy has desirable effects on weight and fatness in children," they added.
	It will also be important to demonstrate that making deliberate changes to a woman 's fat intake during pregnancy has desirable effects on weight and fatness in children,
The Body Positive The Body Positive is an educational program designed to teach young people to adopt the Health at Every Size philosophy, allowing them to enjoy healthy eating and physical activity in their natural bodies.
	The Body Positive is an educational program designed to teach young people to adopt the Health at Every Size philosophy, allowing them to enjoy healthy eating and physical activity in their natural bodies.
They are obsessed with the child's appearance, weight, education, athletic ability, talent, manners, friends and so on.
	They are obsessed with the child 's appearance, weight, education, athletic ability, talent, manners, friends and so on.
They therefore tend to push their children to do things that they themselves could not do, being totally oblivious to the child's needs and capabilities.
	They therefore tend to push their children to do things that they themselves could not do, being totally oblivious to the child 's needs and capabilities.
The director of weight management services at the Children's Hospital at Westmead, Louise Baur, said it was easier for parents to control children's weight in preschool, but children were subject to more outside influences when they reached school age.
	The director of weight management services at the Children 's Hospital at Westmead, Louise Baur, said it was easier for parents to control children 's weight in preschool, but children were subject to more outside influences when they reached school age.
For 3-year-olds there was a drop from 22.8 to 18.1 per cent for the relatively disadvantaged children, and a more modest fall from 15.8 to 14.3 per cent for the children from wealthiest families.
	For 3 1/2 - year-olds there was a drop from 22.8 to 18.1 per cent for the relatively disadvantaged children, and a more modest fall from 15.8 to 14.3 per cent for the children from wealthiest families.
"The nation's expanding waistline threatens to have a devastating impact on our public services.
	The nation 's expanding waistline threatens to have a devastating impact on our public services.
The study suggests that children at age 24 months who show insecure attachment patterns have at least 30 percent higher odds for obesity by age 4 .
	The study suggests that children at age 24 months who show insecure attachment patterns have at least 30 percent higher odds for obesity by age 4 1/2.
"A novel approach to preventing obesity is to help children develop healthy ways to regulate their emotions and behaviors when they encounter psychological stress," Anderson said.
	A novel approach to preventing obesity is to help children develop healthy ways to regulate their emotions and behaviors when they encounter psychological stress,
"A novel approach to preventing obesity is to help children develop healthy ways to regulate their emotions and behaviors when they encounter psychological stress," she said.
	A novel approach to preventing obesity is to help children develop healthy ways to regulate their emotions and behaviors when they encounter psychological stress,
"Dieting appears to be causally linked to both obesity and eating disorders and dieting also increases risk of binge eating, cycles of weight regain and loss, reduced self-esteem, food and body preoccupation, weight stigma, and future weight gain.
	Dieting appears to be causally linked to both obesity and eating disorders and dieting also increases risk of binge eating, cycles of weight regain and loss, reduced self-esteem, food and body preoccupation, weight stigma, and future weight gain.
If parents only have healthy food at home, it doesn't matter how ravenous a child's appetite, if they can only gorge themselves on broccoli or apples then they won't get fat.
	If parents only have healthy food at home, it does n't matter how ravenous a child 's appetite, if they can only gorge themselves on broccoli or apples then they wo n't get fat.
Teach your kids about making healthy choices and to enjoy exercise by all means, but steer clear from telling them that there's something wrong with them and definitely avoid any messages that suggest being skinny is more important than being healthy.
	Teach your kids about making healthy choices and to enjoy exercise by all means, but steer clear from telling them that there 's something wrong with them and definitely avoid any messages that suggest being skinny is more important than being healthy.
Overweight and obesity in children are among the most important risks to children's long and short-term health.
	Overweight and obesity in children are among the most important risks to children 's long and short-term health.
Overweight parents - a family's eating patterns can have a major influence on whether a child maintains a healthy weight.
	Overweight parents - a family 's eating patterns can have a major influence on whether a child maintains a healthy weight.
To maintain a healthy weight, you need to use (or 'burn') the energy from the foods you eat.
	To maintain a healthy weight, you need to use (or ' burn ') the energy from the foods you eat.
According to the World Health Organization, someone whose Body Mass Index (weight(kg)/height(m)2) is greater than or equal to 30 is considered obese.
	According to the World Health Organization, someone whose Body Mass Index (weight (kg) / height (m) 2) is greater than or equal to 30 is considered obese.
The goal isn't to punish the parents; the goal is to help the children, save their life and reunite them with their parents.
	The goal is n't to punish the parents; the goal is to help the children, save their life and reunite them with their parents.
No exercise - children who watch too much TV or play videos games are not active enough and don't burn calories.
	No exercise - children who watch too much TV or play videos games are not active enough and do n't burn calories.
Currently, 15.2% of 2- to 5-year-old children are overweight, whereas 6.3% are obese.
	Currently, 15.2 % of 2 - to 5-year-old children are overweight, whereas 6.3 % are obese.
CONCLUSIONS: Maternal perceptions of early childhood overweight appear to differ among Mexican-origin women living in Mexico and California.
	Maternal perceptions of early childhood overweight appear to differ among Mexican-origin women living in Mexico and California.
Research shows a strong correlation between a child's size (height, weight, and BMI) and the ecological factors present in the family's environment.
	Research shows a strong correlation between a child 's size (height, weight, and BMI) and the ecological factors present in the family 's environment.
Many African-American parents emphasized children's growing appetites and preferences for fast food.
	Many African-American parents emphasized children 's growing appetites and preferences for fast food.
There was general agreement among stakeholders that physical activity is an important part of young children's lives and should be an essential component of family day care.
	There was general agreement among stakeholders that physical activity is an important part of young children 's lives and should be an essential component of family day care.
"An overweight five-year-old with adult-onset diabetes is a warning we all should heed.
	An overweight five-year-old with adult-onset diabetes is a warning we all should heed.
Law #3: Get rid of bad habits that have made you overweight, like watching too much TV or skipping meals.
	Get rid of bad habits that have made you overweight, like watching too much TV or skipping meals.
"Parents should encourage their children to eat a wide variety of foods so that their kids do not end up eating the same things every day.
	Parents should encourage their children to eat a wide variety of foods so that their kids do not end up eating the same things every day.
"The transition is especially tough for teens with eating disorders, and individuals predisposed to eating disorders may use food and exercise to feel control over their life."
	The transition is especially tough for teens with eating disorders, and individuals predisposed to eating disorders may use food and exercise to feel control over their life.
"At a time when obesity in children has already become an epidemic, this book should be a must for all parents."
	At a time when obesity in children has already become an epidemic, this book should be a must for all parents.
One out of three children  a staggering thirty million kids  are too heavy.
	One out of three children -- a staggering thirty million kids -- are too heavy.
A child's weight is impacted by a variety of factors- some close to home and others influenced by public policies made hundreds or thousands of miles away.
	A child 's weight is impacted by a variety of factors - some close to home and others influenced by public policies made hundreds or thousands of miles away.
The first 1,000 days of a child's life, from conception to 2 years of age, are a critical developmental period.
	The first 1,000 days of a child 's life, from conception to 2 years of age, are a critical developmental period.
'Children from single-parent families, particularly when there is a family history of obesity, may struggle to maintain a healthy weight in an obesogenic environment with restricted access to nutritious foods (e.g. fruits, vegetables and wholegrain cereals) and adequate facilities for recreational exercise.
	Children from single-parent families, particularly when there is a family history of obesity, may struggle to maintain a healthy weight in an obesogenic environment with restricted access to nutritious foods (e.g. fruits, vegetables and wholegrain cereals) and adequate facilities for recreational exercise.
'Obesity is a public health problem, not a child protection issue.
	Obesity is a public health problem, not a child protection issue.
